Trading Psychology 
 Hello and welcome to this trading psychology module.
 Today we're going to be covering psychology in trading.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the importance of developing the right trading mindset,
 of connecting with the market, and of taking responsibility for your trades.
 In order to develop the right trading mindset, it is important that you ask yourself the following questions.
 Do you really enjoy the act of trading?
 Or do you suffer from fear and greed every minute that you are in the market?
 If the latter is true, then you do not understand the market and/or yourself.
 As Mark Douglas used to say, most traders win or lose to the same degree that they understand themselves.
 World-class professional traders see the market as a support mechanism,
 which they can use to increase their capital.
 Amateurs and less successful traders see the market as threatening.
 In the end, it is important to lose the fear of losing money, as it is a very normal part of trading.
 Scared money does not make money.
 As you progress along your trading journey, you will realize that there is a difference between being in the zone
 and connected with the market, and not being in that state of mind.
 Professional traders are able to block out emotions when entering and exiting trades,
 and they simply, strictly follow their plan with predefined risk.
 They feel a connection with the market, and they can almost anticipate what is going to happen next.
 In this state of mind, trading becomes effortless, and some describe it as knowing without knowing how I know.
 Taking responsibility for your trades is a key principle in becoming a consistent and profitable trader.
 For every win and loss that you take, there is only one responsible person, and that is yourself.
 A trading journal is an excellent tool to keep accountability and monitor those wins and losses.
 It is very important that you learn from these losses, and that you analyze what went wrong.
 Here is the take-home message for this module. In order to become a consistent and profitable trader, it is very important to develop the right trading mindset.
 It is then very important to establish a connection with the market.
 Finally, it is extremely important that you take responsibility for your trades.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.


 Trading Psychology - Trading Mindset & Emotions
 Hello and welcome to this trading psychology module.
 Today we're going to be covering trading mindset and emotions.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover four key categories to help you improve your trading mindset and control your emotions.
 First, recognizing the problem.
 Second, understanding and accepting risk.
 Third, trading strategy development.
 And finally, the secret to trading.
 Let's begin with how to recognize the possible problems with your trading mindset.
 You can ask yourself the following questions.
 Do you second guess yourself when entering trades and doubt your own analysis?
 Do you overthink the trade setup due to recent losses?
 Do you have a plan for your trade and are you sticking to your plan?
 Another possible part of the problem with your trading mindset could be disruptive emotions caused by your current situation.
 For example, pressure.
 You feel that you have to make money from trading to support yourself and your family financially.
 Then you compare yourself to others and their success and add additional pressure.
 Tension. Simply from participating in the market and putting your capital at risk.
 The second key category to improving your trading mindset is understanding and accepting risk.
 Traders often accept that they can lose a trade, but they do not truly accept the risk involved and refuse to take a loss and let their losing trades grow larger and larger.
 You can lose any trade that you take.
 All it takes is one other person in the world to invalidate it.
 It is important that you embrace, that you are trading probabilities and not certainties.
 The third key category to improving your trading mindset is trading strategy development.
 We recommend that you follow these four steps.
 Step one, work through the learning content. There is no way around this.
 Step two, decide on a setup that you will take for the next 25 trades.
 Establish a very strict rule set and always take the setup when the criteria are met.
 Number three, use only one dollar on each trade and record each trade result.
 Number four, after 25 trades and not before, check the results and if necessary, make adjustments.
 Now let's go over the final key category to improving your trading mindset, the secret to trading.
 No man ever reach to excellence in any one art or profession without having passed through the slow and painful process of preparation.
 Take this quote to heart, you must put in the hard work.
 There is no way of avoiding all losses in trading and no indicator can change that.
 You should strive to trade without fear or overconfidence.
 A key concept to embrace in order to successfully transform your trading mindset is one championed by the legendary trader Mark Douglas.
 You never know if your next trade will be a winner or a loser. In other words, the outcome of your next trade is random.
 Only the probabilities of a large set of trades can be in your favor if you have an edge.
 Stop overthinking trade setups and think in a percentage over a series of trades perspective.
 The goal is consistency over a long period of time, over 10 years.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 In order to successfully change your trading mindset and control your emotions,
 you need to recognize the underlying problems in yourself.
 Then attempt to understand and accept risk as you can lose every trade taken.
 It is important to develop a strategy and then stick to the plan.
 Finally, you must put in the hard work if you want to achieve consistency over a long period of time.
 This concludes today's module, offering you a perfect opportunity to go for a walk and get some fresh air.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
