 Hello and welcome to this Entering Trades module.
 Today, we're going to cover the Swing Failure Pattern and Liquidity.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer, as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module, we will cover the utility of the Swing Failure Pattern as well as Liquidity
 Areas, how to correctly implement them, and then go over some examples and tips and tricks
 on how to best use them.
 Now, let's go over the utility of Liquidity Areas and the Swing Failure Pattern.
 Failure traders need liquidity to participate in the market.
 Areas of heavy stop-loss placement provide that liquidity as they represent resting
 market orders.
 Swing Failure Patterns offer a low-risk and high-reward opportunity for possible trade entries.
 In order to correctly implement the Swing Failure Pattern, it is important to understand
 the concept of liquidity in the market.
 Limit orders provide liquidity to the market, whereas market orders take liquidity from
 the market.
 Larger traders need liquidity to be able to participate in the market successfully, so
 they are required to look for liquidity pools or areas, such as stop-loss areas, to participate.
 Consolidation areas are ranges or areas in the chart where undecisive price action takes
 place, and usually stop losses as resting market orders are commonly found at the edges
 of these consolidation areas.
 A Swing Failure Pattern is also known as a stop-hunt or a liquidity grab, and it is a
 well-known mechanism that occurs in every market.
 It is characterized by an attempt to take a swing above or below a significant high or
 low pivot.
 The Swing Failure Pattern occurs on all timeframes.
 On the low timeframes, it provides a possibility for a nice scalp trade.
 On the four-hour and higher timeframes, the Swing Failure Patterns provide possible trend
 reversals.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example.
 Here we have a well-established high timeframe range on the Bitcoin chart.
 Specifically, we are now looking at the high put-in on the 7th of December.
 As you can observe, 20 days later, the high is taken and there is a swing failure pattern
 with a four-hour candle close below the previous pivot.
 This on its own is already a trigger for a possible short entry from the top of the range
 after a swing failure pattern, which in this case provides very nice follow-through all
 the way down to the bottom of the range.
 It is safe to assume that traders entering short positions looking at the higher timeframe
 range as it develops would put their stop loss above this significant high pivot.
 A stop loss for a short trade is a market buy order.
 Once price then travels beyond this pivot and triggers the stop losses or market buy
 orders, it provides the opportunity for a larger trader or group of traders to enter
 the market with the opposite orders, in this case market sell orders.
 Entering a short trade after such a swing failure pattern provides a very nice risk reward
 opportunity with a stop loss above the new weak high pivot and a possible target of the
 bottom of the range or even further.
 It is also possible to use the point of control of the range as a take profit area as well
 as the value area high, the value area low or any other horizontal levels, fib levels
 or other technical analysis tools that you use to determine your best confluence areas.
 Even though swing failure patterns occur on every time frame, it is on the higher time
 frames where powerful trend reversals can begin after such a swing failure pattern, in
 this case with a full rotation to the opposite side of the range and as we can observe later
 on continuation to the downside.
 This would be the beginning of a very nice swing trade with take profit levels as we progress
 through the range and the possibility of letting part of the trade run further on as
 the range is lost or compounding the trade by entering another short as the range is
 lost.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best trade the swing failure pattern.
 For beginners we recommend that you follow these four steps.
 Step one, wait for price action to take the high or low pivot in question.
 Step two, wait for a candle close below the previous high or above the previous low that
 you are considering.
 Step three, take profit at the opposite edge of the range or the point of control if the
 range is big.
 Step four, compound or let the trade run as market structure changes.
 For advanced traders we recommend that you trade the swing failure pattern using footprint
 software such as exochards or ATAS.
 The following three steps are helpful to determine a swing failure pattern in the making and
 successfully occurring.
 Step one, look for trapped traders and compare volume and delta on the swing attempts.
 Step two, look for demand to appear in the form of large buying or selling imbalances
 combined with an increase in open interest in the reverse direction of the swing.
 Step three, look for a change in market structure to confirm the swing failure pattern.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example using the footprint software exochards.
 Here we have the bibit BTC USD chart on the 5 minute timeframe and we can observe a nicely
 established sideways range.
 Let's have a look at this pivot high and what happens when it is revisited here.
 Our reference level or pivot high is approximately $44,925.
 Now let's zoom in and use the delta cluster feature to see what is actually happening
 inside the 5 minute candles.
 Here we can observe that there is an increase in volume and positive delta as we approach
 the highs.
 Here we have 81 million volume in the 5 minute candle and 31 million positive delta.
 On this push past our reference level we see that the volume is slightly higher and yet
 positive delta is less.
 We can also see market imbalances on the buy side and sell side at the top.
 In this case all of the buying as well as the point of control at the top of the candle
 could indicate possible trapped traders in this case longs if price reverses beyond a
 reference level.
 In this case we wait for the next candle and observe that price retraces below our reference
 level and selling imbalances begin to appear.
 Volume remains the same and yet delta has turned negative.
 This already offers us a possibility to enter a short trade with a stop loss above the highs
 and possibly expect a rotation to the lows of the range.
 As we zoom out we can see that the trade has a nice follow through and offers us a pretty
 much complete rotation to the lows of this local range.
 As liquidity areas are being tapped and possible swing failure patterns begin to appear we
 recommend that you do not try to catch a falling knife and that you instead wait for all ingredients
 to be present.
 Entering a swing failure pattern trade before step 3 is aggressive and very risky.
 A stop loss placement below or above the swing failure pattern week is correct.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 Strategy is needed for larger traders to participate in the market.
 Swing failure patterns offer powerful trade entries with a great risk reward ratio.
 We recommend that you do not try to catch the falling knife and instead wait for all
 ingredients to be present when trading a swing failure pattern.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
