 Hello and welcome to this entering trades module.
 Today, we're going to be covering the trade entry strategy.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module, we will cover the utility of three different trade entry strategies,
 how to correctly implement them, and then go over some examples and tips and tricks
 on how to best use them.
 The three entry options that we will cover offer advantages and disadvantages.
 They can be applied to scalp traits, day traits, as well as swing traits.
 It is important that you choose the method that fits your style and trading system best.
 The first trade entry strategy or option is to preset limit orders, which is commonly
 used by swing traders.
 This method removes in the action emotions and avoids deviating from the original plan
 when price finally reaches the desired level.
 However, this method can cause unnecessary losses.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example.
 Let's assume that we are looking for a long position in this range and we would like to
 preset limit orders between the CC and the 786 of this fit retracement from low to high.
 Our invalidation is ultimately losing the lows of the entire range.
 This has the advantage that we have a very clear plan and a very clear invalidation, allowing
 us to remove emotion from this trade.
 However, it bears the inherent risk of an unnecessary loss if we do not see the reaction
 that we expected at these levels.
 Let's observe what actually happened next.
 Initially, we can see that our levels are reached and all our preset limit by orders
 are filled.
 However, the expected reaction never occurs and ultimately our trade is invalidated.
 We can thus argue that if we had not preset the limit by orders, we could have simply
 just waited to see if the expected reaction occurred or not and then enter based on that
 new available data, thus avoiding an unnecessary loss.
 The second trade entry strategy or option is to use market order entries.
 Only used by swing and day traders.
 The losses using this method should be less common as you buy with confirmation.
 This method, however, adds an emotional aspect to the trade.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example.
 Let's assume that we are looking for a long trade entry from this key level that we have
 mapped out.
 Once price finally reaches that level, we are now confronted with the possibility of
 entering at market if we like the reaction that we see.
 However, we are now under the influence of our emotions as we see that price has very
 impulsively reached this level and perhaps we start doubting our original plan and are
 not sure if we're actually going to get the expected bounce or reaction from the key level.
 In comparison to pre-setting limit by orders, however, we can actually decide based on the
 reaction from this key level whether we want to enter or not.
 If you can deal with the emotional aspect of this situation then this method might work
 very well for you.
 As we can observe, by sticking to the original plan, it was possible to enter a long position
 and have a very nice follow through based on the reaction from this level.
 The third trade entry strategy or option is to use alerts commonly used by swing and
 day traders.
 This method allows you to review price action as it unfolds at the desired level.
 It then allows you to make an informed decision.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example.
 Let's assume that we are interested in trading this range bound asset once price action
 approaches the edges of the range.
 We can simply right click on the chart and set alerts at the levels that we are interested
 in trading.
 Once the alerts go off, we can then proceed to check order flow by using footprint software
 like exocharts and ATAS as well as checking market structure and general market context
 to then make an informed decision and enter a possible short trade at the top of the range
 or a possible long trade at the bottom of the range.
 We recommend that you use alerts at the levels that you are interested in trading.
 Once the alert goes off, you can then review price action, volume, delta, open interest
 and market structure as well as context and make an informed decision.
 Here is the take home message for this module.
 Resetting limit orders involves a higher risk as it can cause unnecessary losses.
 Eating market orders involves increased emotion.
 Setting alerts and then making an informed decision is recommended and sensible.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
