 Welcome to this Fibonacci module. Today we're going to be talking about the Fibonacci
 retracement tool. Please pause to read this straight disclaimer. All of the information
 on this module is solely for educational purposes. No financial advice in any shape of form is
 being given. The Fibonacci retracement tool is a fantastic tool to add to your arsenal
 of technical analysis tools. Today we're going to talk about its utility. We're going to
 cover how to implement it with practical examples. And then we're going to go over some very
 useful tips and tricks, which you will not find in textbooks, but can make the application
 of your Fibonacci retracement tool very powerful and effective. Let's get started with the utility
 of the Fibonacci retracement tool. It is one of the primary trading tools that we recommend
 and it is extremely powerful. With this tool, it is actually possible to predict future
 levels for likely targets and reversals. In other words, you could almost call it a leading
 indicator. It is also the building block to find confluence with your other technical
 analysis tools and even with itself. Let's now cover the implementation of the Fibonacci
 retracement tool. You should always pull your Fib retracement from left to right. The important
 levels in the Fib retracement tool are the 236, the 382, the 0.5, the 0.618, the 0.66, the 0.76,
 and sometimes even the 0.886. These are basically percentages of the retracement of the move.
 In order to find an area of resistance using the Fibonacci retracement tool, you should
 pull from a high left pivot to a low right pivot. On the other hand, if you are trying
 to find a support area, you should pull from the low left pivot to the high right pivot.
 Here are some practical examples on how to implement the Fibonacci retracement tool. You
 will find this retracement tool on the left side of your trading view window in this third
 dropdown menu. Once you click on the tool, it will become active. If you would like to
 edit to your favorites toolbar, just click on the star. Let's give it a try. I am now
 going to try to find support for an impulsive move that arguably began at this low pivot
 and continued all the way to this very high pivot here. This is what the standard trading
 view template for the Fibonacci retracement tool looks like. We have modified it to make
 it a bit friendlier so that it now looks like this. You can do this as well by going
 to your settings on the tool and simply turning numbers on and off depending on what you would
 like to use. We have also removed the background so that the chart is a bit cleaner. You can
 also save different templates depending on which Fibonacci level you would like to focus
 on. The Fibonacci levels are simply percentages of the retracement of this move. If this move
 is the entirety from this bottom pivot to this top pivot, I am now trying to find support
 by pulling from bottom left to top right. It is imperative that you always pull from
 left to right. Here we can see that the 618 or 61.8% retracement and the 6.6 provided support
 for this very impulsive move. Now let's try a pull with the Fibonacci retracement tool
 to find possible resistance. I am going to once again activate my Fibonacci retracement
 tool, but this time I am going to pull it from top left to bottom right. This is what
 you want to do if you want to find a possible resistance level once this move begins to
 retrace. In this case you can see that the impulse from up here to down here retraced
 all the way to the 618 and 66 Fibonacci area. It even provided a nice place for a reversal.
 This means not only did you have an idea of where this impulse that began here might
 have to, but also to where it could eventually reverse. Let's move on to some tips and tricks.
 The Champions channel is one of the most important parts of the Fibonacci retracement tool. This
 is the space between the 0.618 and the 0.66 of the retracement tool. We also call it the
 CC. You can use different Superimpose Fibples to find Confluence. You can also build Confluence
 with other tools like horizontal levels. This is very much recommended as you will have
 a much stronger case for a possible trade setup. Let's put that knowledge into practice. Continuing
 with our previous example, we have a Fib Pool from this pivot high to this pivot low. We
 can perform this pool weeks in advance before price actually starts moving and we can already
 start making plans for what could happen if we reach that area. I am of course talking
 about the Champions channel. As you can see here, price retraced completely to the 61.8
 and 66% levels. Not only did it reach this area, but it also rejected off of this area.
 This is only using the Fib Retracement tool alone. If you can combine this with other
 Fibples and other tools, you will then have a very, very powerful setup to help you find
 good profitable trade setups. Let's do that. Here is the previous Fib Pool that we had
 from this low here in August to this high here. We bounced off of the 61866 area or the Champions
 channel or just CC and have now found resistance at the opposite pool and also coinciding with
 the 236 from the initial pool. These are two Fib levels lining up very nicely and providing
 us with an extra layer of confluence for this move. To make it even more interesting, let's
 try to find confluence with another tool. I'm going to turn off these retracements and
 I'm going to focus on this upper part of the chart. First, I'm going to draw a monthly
 level here, which is a very strong horizontal level. Then I'm going to focus on exactly
 this part of the price action and I am going to do on this daily chart a Fib Retracement
 Pool to find possible resistance areas by taking this high pivot and pulling it all the
 way down to this following pivot. I'm going to extend it a little bit to the right so
 that you can see that the Champions channel, in this case the 666, lines up perfectly with
 the monthly level. Just with these two tools together, you already have a very strong case
 for this being a resistance area. As you can see from the following price action, this
 was not only a resistance area with a pullback but with a complete reversal of the uptrend.
 The 302 Fib level is generally a support level in a strong uptrend. If the 302 level is lost,
 you should expect a Retracement to the 618 and 666 area or the Champions channel. If however,
 the Champions channel is also lost, the uptrend is possibly over and perhaps alternatively
 an extended sideways consolidation is to be expected. Reclaiming the 0.236 Fib level
 after a strong downtrend gives you more confidence that a potential bottom has been established.
 We do not recommend that you use the Fib levels to set your stop losses. For this, you should
 use market structure. A nice possible setup as an example is a Champions channel together
 in confidence with a weekly level or as shown in our example with a monthly level.
 Let's have a look at this with a practical example. We will use the same Fib pull as
 in the previous examples from that high pivot top left to this low pivot bottom right. We
 can now use the 236 to have an estimate of whether this is the bottom or not. As we can
 see here, it is claimed and back tested a support pretty much to the dollar. This gives
 us more confidence that the potential bottom is in and the trend that has started down
 here will continue. We then can expect a further retracement of the entire move towards the
 Champions channel. Let's see if we can superimpose any other Fibs with this pull to make our
 case even stronger. I am now going to the daily timeframe and I'm going to use another
 Fib pull from the exact begin of the impulse here. So not that previous pivot but actually
 this one and I'm going to pull it to the next highest impulse up there. I then get a
 Fib pull that looks like this and as you can see, I'm going to switch on my other template
 so that it's easier to see. The 382 of this pull lines up pretty much perfectly with the
 236 from the other pull. Now we have two superimposed Fibs giving us even more confidence
 that a possible trend reversal is in place and that this bottom is actually valid. Summarizing
 today's module, here's the take-home message. The Fibonacci retracement tool should be used
 as a building block in your technical analysis to begin finding confluence for good trade
 setups. You should always pull the fib retracement from left to right. The most important part
 of the Fibonacci retracement is the Champions channel or CC, the space between the 618 and
 the 666. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll catch you on the
 next one.
