 Hello, and welcome to this Fibonacci module.
 Today, we're going to be covering the negative Fibonacci levels.
 Please pause and read this trade disclaimer, as none of the information contained in this
 video is meant as financial advice, and it is only for educational purposes.
 We're going to be talking about the negative Fibonacci levels and their utility.
 We're going to cover how to implement them, and then we're going to go over some tips
 and tricks.
 The Fibonacci negative tool, or the negative levels, are used for moves which go external
 from the Fibonacci poll range that you are trading.
 It is a very helpful tool to add in another level of confluence for entries and price
 targets.
 To implement the Fibonacci negative levels, you simply use the Fibonacci retracement tool
 from two significant pivots, always pulling from left to right.
 If price then goes external from these pivots, you use the negative Fibonacci levels, or possible
 entries or targets.
 The levels we recommend using are the negative 0.236, the negative 0.618, the negative 1,
 and the negative 1.618.
 For stocks specifically, the negative 0.272 has also proven to be very useful.
 Let's have a look at a practical example.
 First, we activate our Fibonacci retracement tool.
 We are then going to pick two pivots in this uptrend.
 We're going to pull from left to right, from the low pivot to this upper high pivot here.
 Now our Fibonacci retracement pool is complete, and we can see that this asset found support
 around the Champions channel, between the 618 and the 66.
 To now find possible price targets for the further upward continuation of this asset,
 we can change our template to our negative Fib levels, and we will now see the negative
 0.236, the negative 0.618, the negative 1, and up here the negative 1.618.
 As you can see, all of these levels are now external to the initial move.
 First we had an internal retracement to the CC, and then we moved external from those
 to initial pivots.
 Here we can see an initial reaction from the negative 2.36, and price reaches the negative
 0.618.
 This can be used now as a possible take profit level, or depending on other confluence found,
 a possible entry.
 To set up your negative Fib levels, you simply go to the settings in your Fibonacci retracement
 tool, and then you can manually introduce the levels that you need.
 In this case, I have removed all of the internal Fibonacci levels from the Fib retracement tool,
 and have simply added the negative Fib levels, as you can see here.
 The negative 0.236, the negative 0.618, the negative 1, and the negative 1.618.
 Let's have a look at an example using real chart data.
 First, we are going to activate our Fibonacci retracement tool.
 We are now going to pull from this high pivot here to the next lowest possible pivot.
 We are now capturing this impulsive downwards move, where the asset now seems to have found
 support at this level, and is now retracing upwards towards the next possible resistance
 level.
 In this case, the champions channel between the 618 and the 666.
 Let's see what actually happens next.
 As we can see, the asset is having trouble getting past this resistance area.
 Ultimately, it goes external from our initial Fibonacci pull.
 At this point, we can now switch to our negative Fibs and see if we can use the negative Fib
 levels as possible take profit areas for a short position that we might have entered
 at this level.
 As you can see, the negative 0.236 has already been hit and offers us a very nice take profit
 level.
 Let's see if the other levels are also hit.
 Now we can see that the negative 618 has also been reached and another take profit level
 for our short position has now been taken.
 Let's see if the negative 1 can also become a take profit level.
 There it is.
 The negative 1 is also reached still from this original Fibonacci pull that was so well respected
 internally.
 We have now 1, 2 and 3 very nice take profit levels for this downwards move using simply
 the negative Fibonacci levels.
 If you can combine this with additional confluence using other Fibonacci tools or horizontals,
 you will have a high probability of finding very respected areas.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 The Fibonacci negative levels can be combined with other Fibonacci tools such as the Fibonacci
 extension or horizontal levels.
 The Fib level with the strongest confluence can give you the best probability traits.
 The negative 0.618 is especially useful for crypto.
 Here is the take-home message for today's module.
 The negative Fibonacci tool is very useful for external moves that have left the initial
 range that you were trading.
 It is a very strong confluence builder, especially when used with other Fibonacci tools such
 as the Fibonacci extension or horizontal levels.
 The negative Fib levels are especially useful in finding future price targets after that
 move has gone external from your initial trading range.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
