 Hello and welcome to this Fibonacci module.
 Today we're going to be covering the Fibonacci extension tool.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we're going to be covering the utility of the Fibonacci extension tool,
 how to implement it, and then we're going to go over some tips and tricks on how to best use it.
 The Fibonacci extension tool is only used for external moves,
 and thus it is slightly different than the other Fibonacci tools.
 The most common extensions are the 1 to 1 and the 1 to 1.618.
 These can be used as price targets for taking profits.
 The Fibonacci extension tool is also the primary tool for Elliott waves.
 However, you do not need Elliott wave knowledge to use this tool.
 To implement the Fibonacci extension tool, you pull from left to right using three pivots.
 If the asset is uptrending, you pull from low to high to a high low pivot.
 However, if the asset is downtrending, you pull from high to low to a lower high pivot.
 The main levels used for the Fibonacci extension tool are the 1, the 1.618, the 2, and the 2.618.
 For Elliott waves, two additional levels are used, which are the 0.382 and the 0.618.
 For harmonic patterns, two additional levels are used, which are the 1.133 and the 1.414.
 Now, let's have a look at an example using an asset that, after ranging for quite a while, begins to uptrend impulsively.
 First, we activate our trend-based Fibonacci extension tool, as it is called on trading view.
 And then we pick three pivots.
 First, a low pivot on the left, to a high pivot on the right, to a lower high pivot here on the right.
 Now, we can see that the 1 to 1, the 1 to 1.618 and the 1 to 2 levels appear.
 If you go to settings, you will see that you can manually introduce these levels and turn off all the other levels that you do not require.
 Once again, the 1 to 1, the 1.618, the 1 to 2, and the 2.618 have been introduced in this template.
 Now, let's see how helpful these levels can be to predict future price levels for an asset that is now in price discovery mode.
 As we can see, it approaches the 1 to 1 area, and we can already use this as a possible take profit level.
 Once the asset approaches the 1.618 level, however, it does find more resistance and taking profits has proven to be a very valuable move in this case.
 Let's see how it progresses further on.
 After a bit of corrective price action, the asset has now found its way to the 1 to 2 extension from our original 3 pivot pool.
 And once again, pause this here.
 We have now 1, 2, and 3 take profit levels from our original pool.
 Let's see what happens next.
 This correction is taking a bit longer than the 1 at the 1.618 level.
 Now, we can see that after retracing, the asset begins another impulse all the way to the 2.618 level.
 In this case, we have a nice example of an asset that from an initial pool after breaking out from a range reaches all of these 4 levels,
 and we have been able to use them as take profit levels.
 Now, let's have a look at an example of an asset that after an initial strong uptrend slows down, reverses, and begins to impulsively downtrend.
 At this point, we can activate our trend-based VIB extension tool and pick a high pivot on the left to a low pivot to the right to the next lower high pivot on the right.
 Now, you can see that our Fibonacci extension levels appear on the chart. Let's see if these were helpful as possible take profit areas from a possible short taken at the resistance area.
 As we can see, both levels hit quite nicely and offer us a very nice take profit area on the initial impulse and even a take profit area at the 1.618 shortly after.
 Interestingly enough, the asset begins to range after the impulsive move and ultimately finds support at the 1.618 level.
 If you then use additional Fibonacci tools or horizontal levels, in conjunction with your Fibonacci extension tool, you can not only use these levels as nice take profit areas for a short position in this case, you can actually start to build a case of strong confluence for a possible entry as well.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best use the Fibonacci extension tool.
 The one-to-one is a common target in corrective price action. The 1.618 is a common target for impulsive price action.
 If price claims the 1.618 level, it is considered very impulsive. The new target becomes then the 2.618 Fibonacci extension.
 Even if price action is very impulsive, the 1-to-1 Fibonacci extension is still a nice take profit level.
 If an asset does not hit the 1-to-1 extension, it is usually considered a big sign of weakness.
 The Fibonacci extension tool can be used in conjunction with negative fibs and fib expansions to build strong confluence.
 Here is the take-home message for today's module.
 The Fibonacci extension tool is used for external price moves only, and it is thus slightly different than other Fibonacci tools.
 To implement it, you use three pivots.
 The most common extensions are the 1-to-1 and the 1-to-1.618.
 Also, the Fibonacci extension tool is the primary tool used in eliot waves.
 However, no eliot wave knowledge is required to use it.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
