 Hello and welcome to this Fibonacci module. Today we're going to be covering the Fibonacci
 0.5 levels. Please pause this video and take a moment to read the trade disclaimer.
 All of the information contained here is for educational purposes and does not contain
 any financial advice. In this module we're going to cover the utility of the Fibonacci 0.5 levels,
 how to implement them, and then go over some tips and tricks on how to best use them.
 The majority of bots or algorithms work of Fibonacci. They can be programmed with an entry,
 exit, and a stop loss. And additional filters can be added as well.
 It is possible to trade alongside the bots by finding the fitting Fibonacci levels.
 This method works well on smaller cap altcoins.
 To implement this method successfully, first you need to find out which Fib level the algorithm
 or the bot is working with, for example the 0.5 internal Fibonacci level.
 You pull from two significant pivots using the Fibonacci retracement tool, from left to right.
 If the internal 0.5 Fib level acts as a resistance, then we can begin using the other 0.5 levels as targets.
 The levels that we recommend for this method are your initial 0 and 1 pivots,
 and the internal 0.5. Then the negative 0.5, the negative 1, the negative 1.5, the negative 2,
 the negative 2.5, the negative 3, and the negative 3.5, and so on. It is also possible to use
 the positive 0.5 expansion levels. Let's have a look at an example with basic
 attention token on its BTC pair. First we activate the Fibonacci retracement tool.
 Then we're going to pick a swing high pivot and pull from left to right down to a swing low pivot.
 For the purposes of this example, I'm going to extend the Fib pull to the right so that we can
 observe whether future price action matches our intended levels. Here we can see that price action
 finds resistance at the internal 0.5 Fibonacci level. Now we can switch our template to the
 negative 0.5 FABed levels so that we can see them to the downside. To introduce these levels,
 simply go to the settings in your Fibonacci retracement tool and then you can enter them here
 manually. The negative 0.5, the negative 1, the negative 1.5, the negative 2, the negative 2.5,
 and so on. Let's have a look at how further price action reacts to these levels.
 We already find that the negative 0.5 provides support. We come back into our initial range
 and find resistance around the 0.5 with a slight deviation. As we continue further down, once again
 the negative 0.5 proves to be support. Further on, we see that the negative 1 and the negative 0.5
 begin to play a role as well. Ultimately, we can see that the negative 1.5 also
 becomes a support level. Price pushes between these levels and continuously and repeatedly
 finds support and resistance as it's moving between them.
 If you are able to combine these levels with other Fibonacci tools, with horizontal levels,
 or with channels, then you can build very strong confidence to establish high probability trade
 possibilities. Let's have a look at an example with link BTC. First, we're going to activate
 our Fibonacci retracement tool. We are then going to select this swing low pivot and pull it from
 left to right to this swing high pivot. For the purposes of this example, I'm going to extend the
 pull towards the right so that we can see if future price action respects the levels as we
 might think. Here, we can see that the asset found support at the 0.5 internal Fib level.
 We then switch our template containing our negative Fib levels and then let's have a look
 if they are helpful for future trades. As we can see, as further price action develops,
 the negative 0.5 levels are respected several times and at several stages.
 Let's have a closer look. Here we can see that the negative 0.5 already provided a resistance level.
 Price then pulled back to our second pivot, dancing around it for a while before pushing
 once again back up to the negative 0.5 where it found resistance. The next move took us to the
 negative 1 level with a slight rejection and the following move to the negative 1.5.
 As you can see, after reaching the negative 1.5, price retraced all the way down to the negative
 0.5 again, found resistance at the negative 1 and once again came back down to the negative 0.5.
 In this case, there was some deviation of the level. Ultimately, price came up to the negative 1
 and found resistance there before pushing on all the way to the negative 2.
 The rejection from this level took us back down to the negative 1.5 before yet another push ultimately
 to the negative 2.5 and even to the negative 3.5. We can now see that from the initial 0.5 internal
 fib level reaction, we were actually able to build a roadmap for the future price development.
 In order to use these levels or successful trades, we advise that you find additional
 confluence with other fib tools, horizontals or channels.
 The 0.5 template is simply a blueprint and modifications are allowed.
 We recommend that you use this in confluence with other tools for best results such as channels,
 horizontal levels or other Fibonacci tools. The ideal time frame for this method
 is the 15 minute to one hour time frame or basically your day trading time frame.
 Assets such as ZRX, BAT and LINK are very Fibonacci driven coins and have provided good results in
 the past. Here is the take home message for today's module. The 0.5 Fibonacci level
 method is useful to trade alongside bots or algorithms. First, you should check the internal 0.5 Fibonacci
 level for a reaction. This method is especially useful for smaller cap altcoins.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
