 Hello and welcome to this Fibonacci module. Today we're going to be covering the GAN
 retracement levels. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational
 purposes. In this module we're going to cover the utility of the GAN retracement levels,
 how to implement them, and then go over some tips and tricks on how to best use them as
 well as some background information. GAN's retracement levels are based on eighths
 and thirds. The focus is on the time and angle aspect of the price rise or price decline.
 They work the same way as the Fibonacci retracement levels, but they are different numbers.
 To implement the GAN retracement levels, you choose two pivots using the Fibonacci retracement
 tool. Choose significant pivots based on market structure, and we also recommend that you
 try different pulls. The levels to input based on eighths are the 0.125, the 0.375, the 0.625,
 the 0.625, the 0.875, and the 0.875, as well as 0 and 1. The levels based on thirds are
 the 0.33 and the 0.66. Let's have a look at an example on the charts. First we're going
 to activate our Fibonacci retracement tool, and then we're going to select two pivots,
 in this case, from top left to bottom right, and then we are going to see how much respect
 the GAN levels could offer us. First we see the standard Fibonacci levels, and we can
 already see that some of these are offering quite a bit of respect. We are then going to switch our
 template to the GAN template so that we can see the GAN numbers. The settings for these are the
 zero, the 0.125, the 0.25, the 0.375, the 0.625, the 0.625, the 0.625, and the 1. These are the
 numbers based on eighths. Then the 0.33 and the 066 are the ones based on thirds.
 Now, using the same fit pool, we can check to see if these GAN numbers offer us more respect than
 the Fibonacci levels. Here we can see of the 0.75, we have some respect of the 33 and 375 as well,
 the 0.125, also offer some respect, and based on confluence with other Fibonacci tools and horizontal
 levels, we can then make a decision whether to use this template or the standard Fibonacci template.
 Now, let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best use the GAN retracement levels.
 We recommend that you compare the Fibonacci numbers and the GAN retracement levels in the same pool.
 We recommend that you then choose the levels that offer the most respect. As usual, try to
 build confluence with other tools and horizontal levels to have the best traits that are possible.
 Here are some background information about the GAN retracement levels. The 50% was the most
 important level to GAN, as he focused on halves. In a $100 price move, for example, GAN was interested
 in the 33%, the 50%, the 66% and so on retracement. The inspiration for the 0.66 in the Champions
 channel comes from the GAN retracement levels. Here is the take-home message for today's module.
 The GAN retracement levels are alternative levels to the Fibonacci retracement numbers.
 You implement them by choosing two pivots with a Fibonacci retracement tool.
 We recommend that you compare the Fibonacci levels and the GAN retracement levels
 and choose the ones that are respected the most, especially in conjunction with other tools
 and horizontal levels to build the best confluence. This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
