 Hello and welcome to this Fibonacci module. Today we're going to be covering the Fibonacci
 time tool. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as
 the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational
 purposes. In this module we will be covering the utility of the Fibonacci time tool, how
 to implement it and then we're going to go over some tips and tricks on how to best use
 it. Time plays a crucial role in determining which waves of a move are linked together.
 With the Fibonacci time tool we can determine when a corrective or impulsive price action
 structure may end. This tool is helpful to time your entry, which is often harder than
 determining the direction price might go next. To use the Fibonacci time tool you need to
 click on three pivots or you can double click the second pivot. You need to choose significant
 pivots based on market structure. You can use the Fibonacci numbers or you can use multiples
 of the 0.5 level. The Fibonacci levels that we recommend using are the 0.618, the 1, the
 1.618, the 2 and the 2.618. These levels are needed for harmonic patterns as well. The
 0.5 multiple levels can be useful for the stock market. We recommend that you use the
 Fibonacci time tool on the 4 hour or higher time frame as it is more reliable. Let's
 have a look at an example where we can use the Fibonacci time tool to help us estimate
 how long an impulse move may need to correct. We are going to select the trend based fib
 time tool on trading view and then we are going to pick this pivot low here and extend
 it with our second click to the pivot high here and also click another time to also leave
 the third pivot at this second pivot. What we can now see are the Fibonacci levels that
 we introduced into the tool previously like this. We have the 0, the 1, the 0.618, the
 1.618, the 2 and the 2.618. Here are the Fibonacci time levels shown on the chart. As you can
 see, it took not only a one to one time extension but actually a one to two time extension from
 this initial impulse for the correction afterwards to be over and for the following impulse to
 get started. This can help you estimate how long it may take for the next impulsive move
 to begin. Let's have a look at an example where we can use the Fibonacci time tool to
 help us estimate when pivot D of this harmonic pattern might be reached. First, we are going
 to activate our trend based fib time tool on trading view and then select three pivots.
 The first pivot will be A, the second one will be B, right there and the third one is going
 to be pivot C. What we now have are of course the Fibonacci levels on the chart and a one
 to one time extension of the time that it took for price to get from A to B extended from
 our third pivot C. Let's see what actually happened. As we can observe, it took exactly
 a one to one time extension of the time between A and B extended from pivot C for price to
 make its way to the last pivot D. With this information, we can not only map out using
 different Fibonacci tools and horizontals, a possible area of support, but actually wait
 for the correct time to enter that possible trade. Now let's go over some tips and tricks
 on how to best use the Fibonacci time tool. It is useful that you know that a correction
 can take two to three times the length of an impulse and at least a one to one time extension.
 A quick correction compared to the preceding impulse likely indicates that more corrective
 price action will follow. Generally, Bitcoin corrects sooner than the stock market. The
 Fibonacci time tool can be used to measure corrections as well, not just impulses. When
 you use the Fibonacci time tool in combination with harmonic patterns and allured waves,
 it is a very powerful tool. The preferred fibtime extensions for harmonic patterns are
 the one and the 1.618. Here is the take-home message for today's module. The Fibonacci
 time tool can help you time your entry. You use it by selecting three pivots or double
 clicking the second pivot. The one and the 1.618 are the preferred time extensions, especially
 for harmonic patterns. When combined with harmonic patterns and
 allured waves, Fibonacci time is a very powerful tool. This concludes today's module. Thank
 you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
