 Hello and welcome to this Fibonacci module. Today we're going to be covering the Fibonacci Fan.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of the Fibonacci Fan, how to correctly implement it,
 and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it.
 The Fibonacci Fan is useful in determining when the slope of a move has become overextended,
 and thus include a time aspect into the analysis.
 It is useful for finding then a good time taken and an angle for a retracement.
 The speed fan is very powerful in combination with Fibonacci time and Fibonacci retracement.
 To implement the Fibonacci Fan you will need two clicks on two significant pivots,
 from high to low or low to high, much like the Fibonacci retracement.
 The levels of the fan can act as support and resistance levels.
 We recommend that you use the Fibonacci Fan on the 4 hour and higher timeframes.
 Now let's go over a practical example.
 Here we have the Bitcoin chart on the weekly time frame.
 We can now select the Fibonacci Speed Resistance Fan Tool, as it's called on Trading View,
 from this drop down menu, and then we are going to select two significant pivots in this case,
 from this low to this high.
 We recommend that you use these settings for the Fibonacci Speed Fan
 with these price levels activated and the time levels turned off.
 As we can observe, the 618 fan line provides us a very nice angle for the retracement
 and also a nice and strong support level.
 It forces us to take into consideration the time that it took for this impulse to reach its high
 and to be patient enough to wait for this angle to be reached.
 We can also observe that the 0.5 line and the 382 are well respected,
 and here the 0.5 line is flipped into resistance and back into support,
 back into resistance, and once again back into support here.
 Let's observe what actually happened next.
 As we can see, the 382 continues to play a strong role as a support and resistance level,
 much like the other fan lines.
 The 618 really excels and proves to be fantastic resistance once it is lost as support here.
 Now let's have a look at another practical example.
 Here we have the daily Bitcoin chart and we have pulled a Fibonacci Speed Fan
 from this pivot high to this pivot low.
 As we can observe, once again the 382 and the 0.5 lines are very well respected,
 and we also get a nice rejection from the 618 line.
 Now let's observe what actually happened next.
 As we can see, the lines of the Speed Fan continue to play a role as support and resistance.
 After the rejection from the 618, we find support once again at the 0.5,
 go back to the 618 line which is initially resistance, but ultimately is flipped to support,
 and finally move up to the 0.75 line where we once again have a flip from resistance to support.
 Let's have a look at another practical example.
 This time we will use the gold chart on the weekly timeframe.
 The Fib Speed Fan Pull is from this low in 2018 to the new all-time high in 2020.
 As you can observe, the lines of the Speed Fan are respected very well,
 and the 618 is once again the superstar.
 Now we're going to add some confluence so that you can see the power of the Fibonacci Speed Fan
 with other technical analysis tools.
 Here we have a yearly level that already provides very nice support on these two touches.
 We can also add a Fib retracement from this pivot low to this pivot high,
 and now we have fantastic confluence on a horizontal level,
 and here specifically also on a diagonal level with the 618 of the Speed Fan.
 As you can see, this provided a fantastic possible long entry
 with very nice follow-through all the way up to nearly the all-time highs.
 Ultimately, the move ended in a rejection from the 0.5 line,
 and a pullback all the way to the 618 Speed Fan once again.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 We recommend that you focus on the Fan Lines as support and resistance levels.
 The 618 Fan Line is usually stronger,
 and it provides a good angle and time aspect for a retracement.
 You can use the Speed Fan on every macro chart,
 especially in combination with other tools,
 in order to build very strong confluence.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 The Fibonacci Fan is very useful to include the time aspect into your technical analysis.
 It can be implemented with two clicks on significant pivots,
 from high to low or from low to high.
 It is also a very powerful tool to build high time frame confluence.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching, and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
