 Hello and welcome to this module. Today we're going to be covering parallel channels part
 one. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this
 module we're going to cover the utility of parallel channels, how to implement them and
 then go over some tips and tricks on how to best use them. Parallel channels can help
 you define tradable ranges early on. Also they can add strong confluence to trading
 setups. They are also useful for day trading and swing trading. Now let's go over how
 to implement a parallel channel. A parallel channel needs four touches to confirm. Two
 on the top and two on the bottom edge. However it is possible to start a parallel channel
 with three touches or pivots and then use the midline as a take profit area and the edges
 as possible entries. Keep in mind that a parallel channel is technically a neutral pattern.
 The ultimate purpose of a parallel channel is to help us define a range that we can trade
 profitably. We want to find an area of support where we can take a possible long trade, use
 the midline as a take profit area for example 50% of our position and then use the top as
 the final take profit. If order flow fits and the selling activity increases at the top
 of the channel then we can enter a short position and repeat the process the other way around
 taking 50% profit at the middle and closing our short at the bottom. We can continue this
 process as long as this range holds. We recommend that you use parallel channels in confluence
 with other technical tools to give you the best possible trade setups and highest probabilities
 for the outcomes of your trades. Also it is vital to monitor order flow at the edges of
 the channel to see if there is a possibility of a breakout outside of the channel or if
 it's just a possible deviation with a failure to break out and simply a continuation of
 the range. Let's go over a practical example. First we're going to select the parallel channel
 tool from the drop down menu and then we're going to choose two pivots at the top and
 one pivot at the bottom to help us determine a range for this downtrend. In this case we
 have a downwards sloping channel. We can see that the midline is being respected nicely
 and if we scroll back we can also see that in the past the edges were respected very nicely
 and the midline also offered support and resistance. Even on this breakout here it offered support
 as it was back tested and once price action fell back into the channel it was once again
 back tested as resistance at the top, support at the middle, resistance at the top and once
 again support at the bottom. Let's see what happened next. As we can see price action
 continued to respect the channel offering us another rotation to the bottom of the channel
 with slight deviations and ultimately a full rotation to the top of the channel only to
 fake out, fall back into it, back test the edge as resistance and swiftly move all the
 way down to the support at the bottom. In this move we closed outside of the channel,
 back tested it as resistance and continued the downtrend. Let's have a look at a practical
 example of a horizontal parallel channel. After activating our parallel channel tool we click
 on two pivots of an area of resistance and with a third click we pick an area of support.
 In this case we are using the candle body closes as our resistance and support pivots.
 The channel is respected at the top and at the bottom as well as the mid line with a
 small deviation here. Let's see what happened next. As we can see price action respected
 the top of the channel and the middle attempted to break out, fell back in, found supported
 the middle again and ultimately did break out. However, a few hours later it fell back into
 the channel and went all the way to the bottom where it found perfect support for a very
 nice bounce and once again a push outside of it. Let's see what happened after that.
 As we can see on this retracement price action found support at the middle of the channel
 before ultimately breaking out once again. Here we can also use the amplitude of the
 channel from the bottom to the top as an approximate measure of where we can take profits if there
 is a breakout in price. In this case we could hit a take profit one after this true breakout
 of the channel. In order to determine the nature of a breakout and to see whether it
 is a true breakout or a false breakout and turns into a failed auction process and a deviation
 with price action falling back into the channel it is important to monitor order flow including
 volume, delta and open interest. Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best
 use parallel channels. In general trading the break of a parallel channel in the overall
 trend direction yields better results. You should be aware that partial rises or declines
 that do not complete a full rotation within the channel are a sign of weakness. Sloping
 channels are expected to provide continuation of the initial trend. Day trading channels
 based on lower timeframes can be traded bottom to top with a 50% take profit at the midline
 and vice versa. Swing or long term channels are used differently and the midline is generally
 a full take profit. Channels are regularly formed on bull and bare flags. It is important
 to be aware that volume can decrease as the channel continues. It is important to then
 look for an increase in volume upon breakout and monitor order flow for possible deviations.
 We recommend that you use market structure for stop losses. Take profit levels will depend
 on context. Here is the take on message for this module. Parallel channels help us define
 tradable ranges early on. They can offer strong additional confluence for our technical analysis.
 It is important to monitor order flow on possible breakouts to differentiate true breakouts
 from false breakouts. This concludes today's module. Thank you
 for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
