 Hello and welcome to this module. Today we're going to be covering Paralle channels part three.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer. As the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we're going to be covering how to implement parallel channels with more advanced
 techniques and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use them.
 When price action breaks out of a parallel channel it is possible to use a duplicate of
 the channel to find possible price targets. However it is very important to find confluence.
 It is also possible to use the internal 0.25 levels to trade the range or parallel channel.
 Furthermore it is also possible to take advantage of the very common
 bearish or bullish over and under price movement. Let's have a look at a practical example.
 Here we have a well respected sideways or horizontal parallel channel.
 Now we can right click on it, select clone and then drag the duplicate channel
 on top of this original parallel channel. This would give us a possible target for a long trade
 here at the top of the copy of the parallel channel. Let's see if that actually plays out.
 As we can see once price manages to break out of the channel it reaches the top of the duplicate
 and initially finds resistance providing us with a very nice take profit area for a possible long.
 Keep in mind that this works best if there is additional confluence with other technical tools.
 Let's have a look at a practical example. Here we're going to activate our parallel channel too
 and build a horizontal or sideways channel using the candle body closes. Now we have a well-defined
 and respected range. Next we're going to activate our Fibonacci retracement tool
 and use the same pivots to produce a channel that is now divided in 0.25 levels.
 This is done by simply introducing the levels in the Fibonacci retracement tool template.
 As you can see the 0, the 1, the 0.25, the 0.5 and the 0.75. We can now use these levels
 internally to trade from and take possible longs and shorts and use the levels as take profits
 on the way from the bottom to the top of the channel or from the top of the range to the bottom
 of the range. This works best on higher time frames above four hours. Now let's have a look
 at the bearish over and under concept regarding a horizontal range or parallel channel.
 Let's assume that price action moves downward and finds support at the bottom of this channel
 and at the top. Now we have a well-respected parallel channel with clear support and resistance.
 On the following rotation there is an attempt of a breakout that ultimately fails and price
 falls back into the range and rotates towards the lows where it can find support here or
 also deviate from the channel and come back into it.
 Now we have taken the liquidity at the top of the range and at the bottom of the range.
 This means that any stop losses that were placed above the range or below the range have now been
 taken out. Now we can make use of this over and under formation and plan to enter a possible short
 trade in the upper half of the channel. The plan would be to ladder in to a short position
 and shorting towards the bottom of the channel and since in this case we enter the channel
 from a downtrend expect continuation and a breakdown to the downside.
 For this setup our stop loss would be placed above the highest week on the previous rotation
 with the failed breakout towards the upside. The target can simply be a measured move
 of the length of the channel simply copied and extended to the downside.
 It is best of course to use confluence with other technical tools to find the optimal price targets.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks. Liquidity runs such as the ones covered in the previous
 example with the bearish over and under concept are engineered to fill bigger limit orders and
 they occur in every market. It is wise to use a wider stop loss based on market structure to avoid
 liquidity runs. It is important to be aware of two likely scenarios upon breaking out of a range.
 First there can be a front run of the channel retest leaving market participants waiting for
 that retest out of the move. Second the retest can go deep into the channel to hit the stop losses
 of the market participants entering the breakout. After this the move follows.
 Let's have a look of an example of these two possible scenarios. Let's assume that price
 breaks out to the upside and in scenario one does not retest the channel and continues on.
 Any market participants that were waiting to enter the back test of the channel miss the move.
 Now let's look at the second scenario. Price attempts to break out
 and instead of back testing the channel perfectly falls deeper into the channel stopping out the
 traders that entered here and place their stop loss right under the top of the channel.
 After this the move actually happens and the true breakout begins. Here is the take-home message
 for this module. It is possible to duplicate channels to find possible price targets once
 price breaks out of the channel. This works best with additional confluence.
 Using the internal .25 levels for higher time frame channels can provide useful take profit
 or entry areas. It is important to expect liquidity runs such as the over and under price action
 concept in every market. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching
 and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
