 Hello and welcome to this channel's module. Today we're going to be covering Fibonacci channels.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we're going to cover the utility of the three Fibonacci channels,
 how to implement them and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best
 use them. The three main Fibonacci channel types are useful for high time frame analysis.
 They can add confluence to trading setups when used with other technical tools.
 The channel levels can be used as support and resistance targets. The first channel type is
 the standard Fibonacci channel which uses also the standard Fibonacci levels.
 You implement it by selecting three pivots connecting the highs and the lows similar to a parallel channel.
 If these fib levels are well respected it is a valid channel. Let's have a look at a practical
 example. First we're going to activate our Fibonacci channel tool and then select two high pivots
 and this low pivot here to establish a nice parallel channel. Inside we can see that the
 Fibonacci levels are well respected and when used with additional confluence can provide us
 very nice price targets for possible bounces and entries as well as take profit targets.
 The settings can be introduced into the Fibonacci channel tool by simply typing in these numbers.
 The zero, the zero three eight two, the zero point six one eight, the one, the zero point six six,
 the zero point two three six, zero point five and the zero point seven eight six.
 Now let's go over the Fibonacci extension channel. This channel is special because it uses external
 target levels. The one point six one eight, the two, the two point six one eight, the three point six one eight and the four point two three six.
 You implement it by using three pivots from peak to valley to peak to build the baseline or vice versa.
 It is very important that the zero the zero point six one eight or the one are well respected otherwise the channel is not valid.
 Let's have a look at a practical example. First we're going to activate our Fibonacci channel tool
 and then we're going to select three pivots. Since this is a downtrend we will select a peak
 as the first pivot, a valley as the second pivot and then another peak as the third pivot.
 The reason why this is the third pivot is because it's the last peak available before the impulse started
 that led us to our lowest valley. As we can observe the zero and the zero point six one eight levels are well respected.
 Our channel is thus valid and we can now use the extended levels as possible price targets when combined with additional technical tools.
 Let's see what happened next. As we can see price action continues to respect these levels offering us the possibility
 to use them as possible and trees and take profits.
 Now let's cover the long-term Fibonacci channel which is useful in the daily time frame or higher.
 We recommend that you use log scale. The internal levels for this channel are the zero, the 0.25, the 0.5, the 0.75 and the one.
 With this type of channel it is possible to estimate when long trends might be over and possibly reverse.
 Let's have a look at a practical example. First we will activate our Fibonacci channel tool
 and then select two upper pivots and a lower pivot to create our channel.
 Now you can see the internal 0.25, 0.5 and 0.75 levels.
 You can simply introduce these levels in the Fibonacci channel tool as shown here.
 As we can observe price action respects these internal levels very well.
 They act as resistance and as support multiple times.
 The downtrend continues for over a year. Finally here it breaks out.
 The breakout from the high time frame channel provides an over 70% move to the upside.
 Keep in mind that this is a three-day chart and we have log scale activated
 and that we are analyzing data that goes over a year. Let's go over some tips and tricks.
 The 618 and its multiples are the preferred Fibonacci levels. We recommend that you
 always use the Fibonacci channels with other technical tools to find the strongest confluence
 possible. If you see that the internal levels of the Fibonacci channels are well respected
 then you can assume that the channel is valid. Here is the take-home message for this module.
 The Fibonacci channels are very useful for long-term analysis and price targets.
 They are very strong confluence builders when used with other technical analysis tools.
 The preferred levels are the 618 and its multiples and of course the champions channel
 between the 618 and the 6.6. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching
 and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
