 Hello and welcome to this indicators module. Today we're going to be covering open interest and funding.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of open interest and funding, how to correctly implement these metrics,
 and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use them.
 Open interest is a great metric to track when trading a macro trend,
 and it is very useful to monitor the health of the trend and detect a possible loss in momentum,
 as well as an upcoming trend reversal.
 It is also possible to look for patterns in open interest itself, even though this is not recommended.
 As a past example, when reaching the 1 billion open interest mark on the Bitcoin USD trading pair,
 there used to be a significant drop in open interest.
 Funding can influence the price of an asset, and it is thus important to track it and to understand its function.
 Now let's go over the implementation of open interest.
 Open interest is per definition the total number of outstanding contracts in a derivatives pair.
 It is useful to monitor an increase and a decrease in open interest,
 as it shows money entering or leaving the market or asset.
 Open interest can be tracked on all timeframes, and it is especially useful for higher timeframes.
 It is possible to use software such as exocharts and attas to track open interest.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example using the footprint software exocharts.
 Here we have the Bybit BTC USD pair on the 30 minute timeframe.
 We can observe that price action is in a bullish market structure and uptrend.
 Open interest has been accompanying the uptrend and also increasing together with the increase in price.
 Generally this signifies that this uptrend here is healthy.
 It is very important to keep the market context in mind and also look at additional metrics such as volume, delta and possible CVD divergences.
 Now let's go over the implementation of funding. Funding helps maintain the perpetual derivatives price of an asset close to the spot price.
 Positive funding means that longs pay shorts.
 Negative funding means that shorts pay longs.
 Funding can be helpful to identify a crowded trade.
 For this context is key.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example on how to check the funding rate on Bybit.
 Here we have selected the BTC USD inverse perpetual pair.
 In the middle at the top here we can see that the funding rate is 0.0025%.
 By hovering over this funding rate with a mouse it is possible to see the upcoming or predicted funding rate for the following period.
 The funding fee is exchanged directly between the buyers and the sellers or longs and shorts every 8 hours.
 A positive funding rate means that the longs will pay the shorts every 8 hours and a negative funding rate means that the shorts will pay the longs every 8 hours.
 An extreme funding rate, whether positive or negative, can indicate a significant mismatch in the amount of market participants in terms of longs versus shorts.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best use open interest.
 When price is rising and volume and open interest are also increasing this signifies a strong uptrend and it is considered bullish.
 When price is rising but volume and open interest are decreasing this implies a weak uptrend and is considered bearish.
 When price is then declining and volume and open interest are increasing this implies a strong downtrend and is considered bearish.
 When price is declining but volume and open interest are decreasing it implies a weak downtrend and is considered bullish.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best use funding.
 Funding is used to encourage traders to open or close derivatives positions when extreme differences between spot and future prices occur.
 It is possible to close a position 1 minute before funding and avoid paying the fee.
 Funding rate is 0.01% and it becomes extreme when it is greater than 0.075% or below -0.075% as it then starts becoming more expensive than the market fees.
 Here is the take-home message for this module. Open interest is a powerful metric that can be used to monitor the health of a trend on all timeframes
 and it indicates whether money is entering or leaving the market.
 Funding can influence the price of an asset as it attempts to eliminate the possible price difference between spot and the futures price of the asset.
 Context is very crucial when using these metrics.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
