 Hello and welcome to this indicators module. Today we're going to be covering the VWAP.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as the
 information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for
 educational purposes. In this module we will cover the utility of the VWAP
 indicator, how to correctly implement it and then go over some examples and
 tips and tricks on how to best use it. The volume weighted average price or VWAP
 indicator combines price and volume. It acts as a dynamic support and resistance
 line. It can be used on all time frames and the session VWAP is especially
 useful for scalping. To implement the VWAP simply activate the tool on trading
 view and then select the anchor period that you would like to use, for example
 session, weekly or yearly etc. We recommend that you always use the VWAP
 with confluence, for example Fibonacci levels, a point of control, a value area
 high or a value area low. The anchored VWAP offers the possibility to measure
 flexible time periods using significant pivots. Now let's have a look at a
 practical example. To activate the VWAP indicator on trading view simply click
 on indicators and then type VWAP in the search box and select the first
 indicator listed. Once activated you can go to the settings and choose the anchor
 period that you would like to look at beginning with session and ending with
 century and even earnings, dividends and splits. For this example we have
 activated the yearly VWAP and have changed the style to make it a yellow
 line with slightly increased thickness. Let's have a look at how the yearly VWAP
 is respected for this time period. As we can observe it offers a very strong
 level of support which then flips to resistance here and once again offers
 resistance and support and here again support resistance and resistance. Now
 let's have a look at an example on a lower time frame. For this we have
 activated the anchored period session and we are looking at a 15 minute time
 frame. As we can observe in this downtrend we can use rejections of the VWAP as
 possible short entries that offer nice reactions to the downside. We recommend
 that you always use confluence when searching for entries at the VWAP such
 as Fibonacci levels or the point of control, a value area high or a value
 area low. Now let's have a look at a practical example on how to use the
 anchored VWAP. First we can activate the tool from this drop-down menu on
 trading view. Once activated we can now flexibly select a
 significant pivot on the chart to calculate the VWAP from that point to
 the present. Let's try it with this high pivot here. We can see that the
 indicator then calculates the VWAP from that point to the present. Let's try a
 few more pivots. From this pivot low this is the calculation of the volume
 weighted average price. From this high pivot here it offers us this
 calculation. We can also do one for the entire range on this chart. Now you can
 see that we have four different VWAPs and we can use them as possible support
 and resistance lines especially useful with additional confluence. Now let's
 go over some tips and tricks on how to best use the VWAP indicator. A high
 time frame VWAP is a strong support resistance line and we can expect a
 strong reaction on the first touch. Some examples of good confluence with the
 session VWAP are the VWAP plus the champions channel or the VWAP and a
 point of control or valley area high or valley area low of the local range. It is
 also possible to check the VWAP on software such as exochards or ATAS.
 Here is the take-home message for this module. The volume weighted average price
 or VWAP indicator offers a dynamic support and resistance line. It can be
 used on all time frames and the session VWAP is especially useful for scalping
 confluence. Confluence is always needed when using the VWAP to find possible
 entries or as a price target. This concludes today's module. Thank you for
 watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
