 Hello and welcome to this patterns module. Today we're going to be covering flags and
 the importance of the 382 and the 786 retracements. Please pause this video and take a moment
 to read this trade disclaimer. As the information contained in this video is not financial advice
 and is only for educational purposes. In this module we're going to be covering the utility
 of bull and bear flags, the 382 and the 786 retracements, how to implement them and then
 go over some tips and tricks on how to best use them. Flags are patterns that present
 as consolidation before trend continuation once price action hits a resistance or support
 level. It is possible to trade a flag internally and also to use it to aim for external price
 targets. The 382 is a powerful retracement level for strong uptrends. The 786 is a very
 interesting retracement level for altcoins after they have had large moves to the upside.
 To trade a flag we simply apply a parallel channel tool using the pivots formed after
 an impulsive move. The impulsive move is called the pole. We can then use the flag for internal
 trades as well as use it to target possible external price targets. We can apply the Fibonacci
 retracement tool to the pole of the flag to establish our 382 level. Let's have a look
 at a practical example. Here we have an impulsive price move to the upside which begins to retrace
 upon reaching this level of resistance. We can now describe the impulse move as our pole
 and this as the possible bull flag being formed. Let's zoom in to the 4 hour time frame. Then
 we will activate our parallel channel tool and use the pivots available to determine
 where price action might remain in within this bull flag. We now have the possibility
 of using the channel itself to take possible long and short trades as long as price action
 remains confined in this bull flag. If we zoom out a little bit once again we can use
 the Fibonacci retracement tool to take the two pivots from low to high and establish
 our 382 level. This level is very strong and very important for uptrends. A possible trade
 setup within this bull flag would be a long trade taken from the 382 of the entire pole
 and looking for a possible continuation to the upside. Let's see what happened next.
 As we can see price action remained confined within the bull flag reaching the 382 level
 and proceeding to break out of the bull flag. In this case we even got a retracement to
 the 382 level and then further continuation to the upside. It is also possible to use
 the amplitude of the pole to estimate a price target after breaking out of the bull flag.
 It is best to estimate these price targets with additional confidence and technical tools.
 Generally volume should decline during the flag or consolidation phase. Preferably the
 382 of the pole should be respected. The flag consolidation time should be short compared
 to the pole. Flags can form on any time frame. They can be sideways and sloping channels.
 We recommend that you use confluence for measured move breakout price targets to have
 the best probabilities for your trades. The 382 is a key Fibonacci retracement level
 for strong uptrends. The 786 is an interesting retracement target after very large upside
 moves on altcoins as they usually retrace beyond the CC and all the way down to the 786.
 Let's have a look at another practical example. Here we have a strong upwards price move on
 this altcoin of over 180%. We can now use our Fibonacci retracement tool to determine that
 the price retracement goes beyond the Champions channel and finds support around the 786.
 Here is the take-home message for today's module. Flags are phases of consolidation which
 can provide retracement entries and possible breakout price targets.
 We recommend that you combine them with the 382 in very strong uptrends to find additional
 confluence for entries. Deep altcoin retracement targets are often around the 786 of the move.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next
 one. Happy learning and happy trading!
