 Hello and welcome to this patterns module. Today we're going to be covering wedges.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of rising and falling wedges,
 how to implement them, and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use them.
 Wedge reversal patterns can provide powerful trend reversal entries.
 It is possible to apply rising and falling wedges on price action.
 Wedges can be used on all timeframes, however they are stronger on higher timeframes.
 To implement wedges it is necessary to use two trend lines with at least five combined touches,
 three on one trend line and two on the other.
 It is important to monitor volume as the wedge forms as it should be declining.
 Possible price targets upon breakout from the wedge are the 382 and the 618 Fibonacci retracement
 as well as the start of the wedge formation.
 The three recommended approaches to trade a wedge are one, an aggressive entry at the apex with additional confluence,
 two, waiting for the trend line break with confirmation and entering at market,
 and three, waiting for that trend line break and also a backtest of the trend line.
 Let's have a look at a practical example of a rising wedge.
 Here we have connected the top pivots with the trend line to form our resistance trend line of the wedge,
 and here the bottom pivots to create our support trend line.
 We can see that the trend lines are well respected and that we get five touches.
 We also have a horizontal level up here, which is a key resistance level.
 It is very important that we monitor volume as we progress through the wedge formation.
 Initially, volume is not declining, but upon reaching the third touch of the top resistance trend line, it decreases.
 This can be an early sign that a possible breakdown from the rising wedge is imminent.
 The three possible ways to approach entering a trade with this rising wedge formation would be
 the very aggressive short entry at the top resistance trend line
 or entering at market upon losing the bottom trend line.
 The third option of waiting for a backtest of the trend line and then entering a short does not occur in this example.
 To establish possible price targets for the short trade, we can use the entire length of the rising wedge formation
 and with a Fibonacci retracement, establish the 3A2 as the first take profit level,
 the 618 as the second take profit level and the entirety of the move as the third take profit level.
 As usual, we recommend using additional confluence and market structure to establish the best price targets for the trade.
 Now, let's go over some tips and tricks. As a falling or rising wedge forms, the impulses should become weaker and volume should decrease.
 It is also possible to have more than five touches of the trend lines.
 The higher time frame wedges offer higher probabilities for successful trades. Rising and falling wedges can be applied in Elliot Wave Theory
 and are described as ending diagonals.
 In these wedges, we see that Wave 3 is often shorter than Wave 1 and consequently Wave 5 is also shorter than Wave 3.
 Let's have a look at a practical example of a falling wedge.
 First, we're going to select our trend line tool and then use these upper pivots to build the top of our wedge
 and then use these bottom pivots to build the bottom of our wedge.
 As you can see, price action is constricting within these two trend lines and the impulses are becoming shorter.
 Volume as the wedge progresses is also decreasing.
 Let's see what happens next. As we can observe, initially, price action remained bound within the two trend lines.
 After an initial fakeout of the top trend line, it finally breaks out on very high volume.
 To now establish price targets for this move, we can use the entirety of the formation.
 Pulling a fibri-tracement from the top to the bottom.
 Now we have the 3A2 as Take Profit 1, the 618 as Take Profit 2
 and the entire move back to the beginning of the falling wedge formation as Take Profit 3.
 Let's see if all price targets were hit.
 Take Profit 1 was reached rather quickly.
 Here is Take Profit 2 and finally, price action went fully to the top of the move to reach Take Profit 3.
 The three possible ways to approach this trade would be to find a very aggressive long entry at the low part of this price action still within the wedge
 if additional confluence is there, such as a horizontal level.
 A second possible way is to mark it by upon breaking out of the wedge
 and a third option is to test of the wedge and then enter the long position.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 Rising and falling wedges can provide powerful trend reversal entries.
 Possible price targets upon successful breakout from a wedge are the 3A2 and the 618 Fibonacci retracement levels as well as the full length of the wedge formation.
 As a wedge develops, it is important to monitor volume and use confluence for entries and price targets.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading!
