 Hello and welcome to this patterns module. Today we're going to be covering
 triangles. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is
 only for educational purposes. In this module we're going to cover the utility
 of triangles, how to implement them, and then go over some examples and tips and
 tricks on how to best use them. There are three main types of triangles, ascending,
 descending, and symmetrical triangles. Generally triangles are continuation
 patterns. It is possible to create price targets based on the height of the
 triangle from the point of a possible breakout. Now let's go over how to
 correctly implement triangles. It is important that price action has several
 touches on the top and bottom edges of the triangle and that there is little to
 know wide space or empty space. Also it is important that volume declines up to
 the apex of the triangle and then increases on the breakout or breakdown
 from the triangle. To calculate the price target it is possible to measure the
 height of the triangle from low to high and extend it from the point of the
 breakout or breakdown. Now let's go over the recommended approaches to trade a
 triangle. Possibility number 1 is an aggressive entry within the triangle with
 a higher risk as it may break out in the opposite direction but also a high reward.
 The second possibility is to wait for the breakout or breakdown from the
 trend line of the triangle with increasing volume and enter at market. The third
 option is to wait for the breakout or breakdown and then a backtest. Now let's
 have a look at a practical example of a descending triangle. First we activate
 our triangle tool from the drop-down menu and now we can draw using this
 section of the price action to approximate our descending triangle. As we can see
 price action is making lower highs and volume is very low and decreasing as
 the triangle formation continues and is approaching the apex. As this is a
 downtrend we would expect this descending triangle to break to the
 downside. The aggressive possible entry would be shorts from the highs or the
 ones that touch the descending slope of the triangle. The other possibility is to
 enter at market once there is a breakdown with an increase of volume. A third
 possibility would be to wait for the breakdown and then a backtest of the
 horizontal slope of the descending triangle. Let's see what actually happens
 next. As we can observe there was a breakdown from the triangle and volume
 increased dramatically upon the breakdown. The aggressive entry of
 shorting this last high close to the apex would have given us a very nice
 reward. The second option of entering at market upon breakdown would have also
 provided for a very nice trade. The third option did not really occur as there
 wasn't a proper backtest of the horizontal of the triangle. It is
 possible to use the height of the triangle from the top to the baseline or
 horizontal support in this case and then extend it from the breakdown point to
 establish our price target region. Now let's have a look at an example of an
 ascending triangle formation. Here we have constructed an ascending triangle
 with this price action as higher lows are being formed against a horizontal
 resistance. The possibilities to take trades in this triangle are aggressive
 longs at the touches of the sloping ascending trend line or to wait for a
 possible breakout to the upside as we expect continuation and enter at
 market. Let's see what happens next. As we can observe price action breaks out to
 the upside after one final touch of the ascending trend line. We can also use the
 height of the triangle to approximate a price target from the breakout point.
 As we can see this price target is reached and even exceeded. It is important
 to pay attention to the volume as a triangle formation develops. In this case
 we can see that volume decreases as the triangle approaches the apex and then
 increases here as we break out from the triangle. If this were not the case and
 volume were not to increase significantly we could expect a possible fakeout for
 example a swing failure pattern of these highs and a return into the triangle or
 even a complete reversal and breakdown. Now let's go over some tips and tricks on
 how to best use triangles. Volume is very important on the breakout or
 breakdown from a triangle. A low volume breakout or breakdown means that a
 fakeout is possible. Generally we can expect a continuation of the previous
 trend before entering the triangle when we break out of it. In Elliot Way theory
 the touches of the edges of the triangle are labeled as A, B, C, D, E. It is
 possible to take trades from these edges using the Fibonacci retracement tool
 and targeting the 618 as a rejection or bounce level on the edge. Now let's have
 a look at a theoretical example of a symmetrical triangle. Let's assume that
 we are in an uptrend and price action begins to form a symmetrical triangle
 like this. We now have a series of higher lows but also lower highs and price
 action is constricting towards the apex. It is important that the volume decreases
 as the triangle forms and then upon the breakout increases. In this case we would
 expect the uptrend to continue after this pattern. Once again we can use the
 height of the triangle to estimate a price target from the breakout point of
 the symmetrical triangle. Once again if we are assuming a continuation of the
 uptrend after the pattern we can position ourselves in long trades from
 the bottom ascending trend line of the triangle or wait for the actual breakout
 with volume and enter at market. Here is the take-home message for this module.
 Ascending, descending and symmetrical triangles are generally continuation
 patterns and we expect the previous trend before entering the triangle to
 continue upon breakout or breakdown. It is possible to establish price targets
 from the breakout point by using the height of the triangle. Volume is very
 important in the triangle formation and upon breaking out or breaking down from
 it. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the
 next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
