 Hello and welcome to this patterns module. Today we're going to be covering the
 head and shoulders pattern. Please pause this video and take a moment to read
 this trade disclaimer as the information contained in this video is not financial
 advice and is only for educational purposes. In this module we're going to
 cover the utility of the head and shoulders pattern, how to implement it,
 and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it. The
 head and shoulders pattern is a powerful and very useful top reversal pattern.
 Conversely, the inverse head and shoulders pattern is a very useful
 bottoming pattern. The alternative three peaks pattern has a completely different
 volume profile. To correctly implement a head and shoulders pattern, there need to
 be three peaks formed. An initial left shoulder, a larger middle peak which is
 the head, and then a third peak which is the right shoulder symmetrical to the
 left shoulder. This symmetry is nice to have but not a requirement. Volume should
 decline as the pattern develops and it is very important to see an increase on
 bearish breakdown volume from the neckline of the pattern. It is possible to
 estimate price targets by measuring the height of the head from the neckline and
 extending it from the breakdown point of the neckline. To correctly implement the
 inverse head and shoulders bottoming pattern, we also need three peaks formed
 with a left shoulder, a head, and a right shoulder. Once again, it is important that
 volume declines as the pattern develops and it is very important that there is
 an increase in bullish breakout volume once the neckline is broken. We can also
 establish price targets by extending once again the height of the head from
 the neckline from the breakout point. The alternative three peaks pattern also
 requires a triple peak formation. However, the main difference is that the
 volume profile does not match the head and shoulder requirements. Also, it is not
 possible to use a measured move of the largest peak to establish a price
 target. Let's have a look at a theoretical example of a top reversal
 head and shoulders pattern. Let's assume that our uptrend price action begins to
 form this left shoulder with large volume. We then have a pullback on weak
 bearish volume and then find support here and begin to form a second peak on
 buying volume that is now lower than the initial volume of the left shoulder.
 We then retrace on weak selen volume towards the neckline and then have one
 final push beginning to form the third peak or right shoulder with even less
 volume than on the volume of the head and the left shoulder left sides. We now
 begin to retrace once again towards the neckline and the key point is reached.
 What we want to see here to validate this pattern which is very important to be
 patient and wait for this point to be reached is now an increase in selling
 bearish volume to confirm the pattern. It is then possible to enter at market
 upon seeing an increase in bearish selling volume for the breakdown or if
 the initial breakdown is not that strong to wait for a retest of the neckline.
 This rise towards the neckline should be on weak buying volume and then the
 rejection should happen at the neckline with a once again increase in bearish
 selling volume. This could provide us with another short entry. To now estimate a
 price target for the breakdown we can simply measure the height of the head to
 the neckline and then extend it from the breakdown point to establish a price
 target. Once again volume is very important in this pattern. If there is no
 significant increase in bearish selling volume upon breaking down this could be
 a fake-out that leads to a reversal and further continuation to the upside. Now
 let's have a look at a practical example of an inverse head and shoulders
 bottoming reversal pattern. We have constructed the neckline using these
 two pivots here. Our first shoulder would be this formation, this would be the head
 peak and finally we would have our last shoulder here on the right. It is very
 important that we pay attention to the volume profile. Volume should be
 declining as the pattern progresses and most importantly volume should
 dramatically increase once we reach the neckline and break out. Let's see what
 actually happens next. As we can observe once the neckline is broken there is a
 massive increase in volume as compared to the volume profile within the pattern.
 This confirms ultimately that this pattern is an inverse head and shoulders
 bottoming reversal pattern with a very bullish breakout and a massive
 increase in bullish buying volume. Once again we can use a measured move of the
 head of the pattern and extend it from the breakout point. As we can observe the
 target was reached and there was a pullback in price to then have
 continuation and exceed the initial price target. In this example the possible
 trade is a long at market upon breakout from the pattern. The breakout is so
 powerful and so bullish that there is no retest and no possibility to enter
 along upon backtesting the neckline. Let's have a look at a practical example of
 a three peaks pattern that can be mistaken for an inverse head and
 shoulders bottoming pattern. Here we have used the trendline tool to
 determine the possible neckline of the pattern. This can be considered the first
 shoulder, here the head and here the right shoulder so far so good. However if we
 take a closer look at the volume profile we will see that it is not fitting the
 movements within the pattern and even though it is declining it does not fit
 the criteria or the volume profile of a correct inverse head and shoulders
 pattern. Let's see what happened next. Here we have a breakout from the trendline
 and the volume has barely changed at all. What we should see upon breakout of the
 neckline is a massive increase in bullish buying volume. Now let's go over some
 tips and tricks on how to best use the head and shoulders pattern. Volume is
 very important on the breakout from an inverse head and shoulders pattern and
 from the breakdown of a head and shoulders pattern. A low volume breakout
 or breakdown means that the pattern is not valid and a fakeout is possible and
 also quite probable. Head and shoulders patterns play out better on higher
 timeframes, for example the daily time frame. It is also possible to have valid
 complex head and shoulders patterns. These have the same rules as the standard
 patterns but they have different characteristics. For example it is
 possible to have two left shoulders and two right shoulders and one head peak.
 Another option is to have one left and one right shoulder as usual but two
 heads. It is possible to see complex head and shoulders top reversal
 patterns and complex inverse head and shoulders bottom reversal patterns. Using
 eliot wave theory it is possible to see corrective and impulse waves together
 forming three peaks and head and shoulders patterns. It is possible to
 trade the individual waves and impulses as well as the overall pattern. Here is
 the take-home message for this module. Head and shoulders are powerful and
 useful top reversal patterns and inverse head and shoulders are powerful and
 useful bottom reversal patterns. It is possible to establish a price target
 from the breakout point of the neckline using the height of the head. It is very
 important to pay attention to the volume profile in the pattern and
 especially upon breakout or breakdown. This concludes today's module. Thank you
 for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
