 Hello and welcome to this patterns module. Today we're going to be covering the
 bump and run pattern. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this
 trade disclaimer as the information contained in this video is not financial
 advice and is only for educational purposes. In this module we will cover
 the utility of the bump and run pattern, how to correctly implement it, and then
 go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it. The bump and run
 pattern is a powerful reversal bottom pattern. It has a high win rate on higher
 timeframes. It is also possible to use it inversely for a top reversal. To
 correctly implement and trade the bump and run pattern it is important to pay
 attention to the three phases that it consists of. Phase one is the lead in
 phase, which is a high followed by a downtrend, which is then followed by a
 large sell-off. This leads us to phase two, the bump phase. After the large
 sell-off, a bottoming pattern forms, for example an inverse head and shoulders, an
 adamant eave, or a cup and handle pattern. Then the decisive moment comes in phase
 three. Once price breaks the resistance trend line, the uphill run begins. It is
 important that the breakout is on high volume. Now let's have a look at a
 practical example. Here we have a possible bump and run pattern with phase one or
 the lead in phase beginning at this high, followed by a downtrend. This
 secondary push-up is also a lower high followed by lower lows and lower highs.
 Ultimately at this third attempt of the trend line we have a large sell-off, now
 concluding phase one. Now we enter phase two or the bump phase. Here we expect a
 reversal pattern to form, in this case an inverse head and shoulders. Now price
 action makes its way towards the resistance trend line again. To enter
 phase three, the uphill run phase, it is important to see high volume upon the
 breakout. Let's see what happened next. As we can observe the breakout is quite
 explosive and has a lot of bullish follow-through. Let's turn on the volume
 profile and check if the volume increased upon breakout. As we can
 observe, there was a massive increase in bullish buying volume upon breaking out
 from the trend line. There was also a significant increase in volume on this
 large sell-off. This high volume breakout confirms not only the inverse head and
 shoulders bottoming pattern but the entire bump and run pattern as well. To
 establish a target, we can simply use the high of the lead-in phase as a final
 target for the bump and run pattern. In this case we see that not only is the
 target reach but also exceeded, making this a very successful bump and run
 pattern if we entered a long trade upon breakout from the resistance
 trend line. Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best use the bump
 and run pattern. Volume is very important on the breakout of the
 resistance trend line. It is also preferred to have high volume at the
 formation start or the bump start phase even though this is not our requirement.
 The target of the uphill run phase or phase 3 is the high of the first phase,
 the lead-in phase. The entry for a long trade from a bottom reversal bump and
 run pattern is the breakout on high volume of the resistance trend line. This is
 very important as otherwise a dual bump and run pattern is possible with a
 repeat of a lead-in phase, the formation of another bump phase and
 ultimately another attempt at the trend line. The best results for the bump and
 run pattern are on daily and higher time frames. Here is the take-home message
 for this module. The bump and run pattern is a powerful three-phase
 reversal pattern. The breakout target from the resistance trend line is the
 high of the first phase or the lead-in phase. Volume upon breakout from the
 resistance trend line is important as otherwise a dual bump and run pattern is
 possible. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you
 on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
