 Hello and welcome to this patterns module. Today we're gonna cover harmonics part
 two. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as
 the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for
 educational purposes. In this module we're gonna cover the implementation of
 advanced harmonic patterns and then go over some visual examples and tips
 and tricks on how to best use them. The cipher pattern is an advanced harmonic
 pattern that requires the use of the Fibonacci extension for its correct
 implementation. The shark and the 5.0 pattern begin with a flexible start at
 point B and can provide a powerful finish. These patterns also work best on
 higher timeframes at least four hours and above. In the cipher harmonic pattern
 X to A can be an impulse of any size. Point B is then a retracement between the
 382 to the 618 of XA. Point C is then between the 1.133 to 1.414
 extension of XA from X. Point D should be at the 786 retracement of X to C and
 between the 1.272 to 2 expansion of B to C. Finally for traits taken from D the
 targets are the 618 of CD point A and possibly point B. Now let's have a look
 at a visual example of the cipher harmonic pattern. We can draw this
 pattern on trading view using the dedicated tool. Once completed the
 pattern should look like this. Let's check the fib levels. For point B we are
 looking for a retracement between the 382 and the 618 of the impulse from X to A.
 For point C we need to use the Fibonacci extension tool and look for the region
 between the 1.133 and 1.414 or C. The extension is the move X to A
 extended from X. For point D we are looking for the 786 retracement of the
 move from X to C and also for the region between the 1.272 and the 2 of the
 expansion from B to C. By using both of these tools we can find confluence for
 point D. Finally to establish price targets for long traits taken from D for
 this bullish cipher harmonic pattern we can use the 618 retracement of the move
 from C to D and also point A. Possibly we can also use point B as a target. The
 setup would then look like this. The stop loss can be placed somewhere
 below X. However be aware that point D can also retrace lower than X. It is in
 this case and in most cases better to use market structure for stop loss
 placement. It is also possible to trade this pattern bearishly by simply
 inverting it and looking for short trade entries at D using the same criteria.
 Once again the symmetry of the pattern is important and we can use the Fibonacci
 time tool to measure it. Here we can see that point B is between the 618 and
 1 to 1 time extension of the move from X to A.
 For point D we simply measure the move from A to B and extend it from C and
 look for the 1 to 1 time extension. In the shark harmonic pattern the
 impulse X to A can be of any size. Point B is very flexible and can be between the
 382 to 886 retracement of X to A. The 382 however is common. Point C should be
 between the 1.133 to 1.618 expansion of AB and it is nice if it is combined with
 the swing failure pattern of A. Point D should be between the 1.618 to 2.24
 expansion of B to C and between the 886 to 1.133 expansion of X to A. Finally
 for trades taken from D the biggest target is the 0.5 retracement of C to D
 which can lead to the 5.0 pattern. If however the 0.5 retracement of C to D is
 lost then the target becomes C. Let's have a look at a visual example of the
 shark harmonic pattern. We can draw this pattern using the X A B C D tool on
 trading view. Once completed the pattern should look like this. Let's check the
 fib levels. For point B we are looking for a retracement between the 382 to the
 886 of the move from X to A. Point B is very flexible for the shark. However the
 382 is common. For point C we are looking at the region between the 1.133 and the
 1.618 expansion of the move from A to B. The 1.618 expansion is preferred and it
 is also very nice to see point C be a swing failure pattern of A to then
 begin a very impulsive move towards D. For point D we are looking for the
 region between the 1.618 and 2.24 expansion of the move from B to C. We can
 also look for the region between the 886 and 1.133 of the expansion of the
 move from X to A. If we turn on both tools we can establish confluence for the
 point at D. Finally to establish price targets for a short trade taken from D
 for this bearish shark pattern we can use the retracement from C to D and aim
 for the point 5. This is the most important target for the shark pattern as
 here a 5.0 pattern can follow. If however the point 5 level is lost the
 secondary target becomes C. It is also possible to trade a bullish shark
 harmonic pattern by simply inverting the pattern and taking long trades from D
 using the same criteria. The stop loss should be beyond D using market
 structure. It is important to pay attention to the symmetry of the pattern
 by using the Fibonacci time tool to measure the different waves. In this
 example we have B at a one-to-one time extension of the move from X to A.
 If we measure the move from A to B and extend it from C we have a time
 extension of one to two. The 5.0 harmonic pattern begins as a shark
 harmonic pattern. However it has an additional wave E. Point E is the point
 5 Fibonacci retracement of C to D and it is important that B to C have the same
 time duration as D to E. For trades then taken from E the target becomes the
 one-to-one extension of C to D from E. Now let's have a look at a visual
 example of the 5.0 pattern. This pattern begins like the shark pattern and turns
 into the 5.0 pattern if the move from D towards C stops at the point 5
 retracement from C to D. This now becomes point E and it is possible to enter a
 long trade setup for this bullish 5.0 pattern and target the one-to-one
 Fibonacci extension of the move from C to D extend it from E. For the 5.0 pattern
 it is very important to see point E begin at the one-to-one time extension
 of the move from C to D. It is also possible to trade the 5.0 pattern
 bearishly and take short entries from E to target the one-to-one extension of
 the move from C to D extended from E. The stop loss can be placed beyond the
 886 retracement of the move from C to D. However we recommend that you use
 market structure for stop loss placement. Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 For the shark harmonic pattern volume profile it is important to see that the
 volume from B to C is less than the volume from X to A. For the cipher
 harmonic pattern point B should not reach the 786 Fibonacci retracement of
 X to C. Once again the official trade entry for these harmonic patterns begins
 at point D. We recommend that you never trade a harmonic pattern alone and that
 you always look for additional confluence. It is also best to use market structure
 for stop loss placement and for price targets. Here is the take-home message
 for this module. In this module we have covered the advanced harmonic patterns
 which are the cipher the shark and the 5.0. These patterns work best on higher
 timeframes with additional confluence and can provide you powerful entries and
 price targets. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll
 see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
