 Hello and welcome to this patterns module. Today we're going to cover the three
 drives pattern. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade
 disclaimer as the information contained in this video is not financial advice
 and is only for educational purposes. In this module we're going to cover the
 utility of the three drives and the three valleys patterns, how to correctly
 implement them and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to
 best use them. The three drives pattern is a Fibonacci-based powerful
 reversal pattern. The three valleys or peaks pattern is not Fibonacci-based but
 it is more common. These patterns are especially powerful with strong
 confluence. The three drives pattern is defined by three attempts at an
 important level before a reversal. Volume declines on each of the attempts and
 then increases upon reversal. The symmetry for this pattern is very
 important similar to the harmonics patterns. In the three drives pattern
 drive 1 can be a move of any size. Point A is then the 618 retracement of
 drive 1. Drive 2 should end between the 1.272 to 1.618 expansion of 1 to A.
 Point B is then the 618 retracement of drive 2. Drive 3 should end between the
 1.272 to 1.618 expansion of 2 to B. Finally the targets for traits taken from B
 are the drive 3 end point and from the reversal point a drive 3 the target is
 the 618 retracement of the overall pattern. Now let's go over a visual
 example of the three drives pattern. It is possible to draw this pattern on
 trading view by using the dedicated tool from this drop-down menu. Once
 completed the pattern should look like this. Let's check the Fib levels.
 Drive 1 is an impulse move of any size and for the first retracement to point A
 we are looking at approximately the 618. It is possible to have a retracement to
 a different level. These are flexible. To determine where drive 2 should end we
 can use an expansion from 1 to A and look in the region between the 1.272 and
 the 1.618. For the second retracement to point B we also use the retracement of
 the move from A to point 2 or simply drive 2. To then establish a target for
 the third and last drive once again we use the expansion from 2 to B and look
 for a target between the 1.272 and 1.618. Finally to establish price target for
 this bearish three drives pattern we can simply use the Fibonacci retracement
 tool and pull it from the beginning of drive 1 to the end of drive 3 and then
 target the 618 retracement. The trade setup would look like this providing a
 short entry at point 3 and targeting the 618. It is also possible to enter trades
 at point B and target the end of drive 3. Once again to establish the target for
 a long trade entered at B we use the Fibonacci expansion from 2 to B and look
 for a target in the region between the 1.272 and the 1.618. The trade setup would
 look like this with a long entry at B targeting this region. The symmetry for
 the three drives pattern is very important. We can check this by using the
 Fibonacci time tool and measuring the time that it took for drive 2 to complete
 extended from point B and see if the time taken for the completion of the
 third drive is the same. As we can see it is the 1 to 1 time extension so the
 pattern is symmetrical. By simply inverting this pattern it is possible to
 trade it bullishly looking for long entries at the end of drive 3 and
 targeting the 618 retracement of the overall pattern or taking short entries
 at point B targeting the end of drive 3. We recommend that you use market
 structure for the correct stop loss placement. In the three valleys or peaks
 pattern there are also three attempts at an important level. The volume gets
 weaker on each attempt and divergence is built. Upon reversal volume increases
 significantly. This pattern has no strict Fibonacci requirements and thus is seen
 more often. Now let's have a look at a practical example of a three valleys
 pattern. Here we see price action retracing to a strong support area. We can
 see that the three valleys have already formed with the first one here, the
 second one here and the third one here. Each of them taking the lows of the
 previous attempt at this support area. Let's see what happens next. As we can
 observe the three valleys pattern has followed through and price action moves
 up. A possible entry for the three valleys pattern would be aggressively
 upon seeing the third attempt at the support region and checking order flow
 to confirm that there is a bullish buying reaction. Another option would be to
 wait for a change in market structure and enter at the next available
 retracement. Now let's go over some tips and tricks. We recommend that you use
 confluence and pay attention to the context of the market when using the
 three drives pattern as it greatly increases its chances of success. The
 three drives pattern and also the three valleys pattern can be used on any
 time frame. For the three drives pattern volume and symmetry are very
 important. Here is the take-home message for this module. The three drives pattern
 consists of three attempts at an important level followed by a powerful
 reversal. Volume and symmetry are very important for this pattern similar to
 harmonics. Context and confluence must be interpreted correctly as they are
 necessary for this pattern to work successfully. This concludes today's
 module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning
 and happy trading!
