 Hello and welcome to this volume module. Today we're going to be covering the
 introduction to volume. Please pause this video and take a moment to read
 this trade disclaimer. As the information contained in this video is not
 financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this module we
 will cover the utility of using the volume metric, how to correctly implement
 it, and then go over some tips and tricks on how to best use it. Volume is a great
 metric to confirm an ongoing trend, a possible trend reversal, and the original
 breakout or breakdown point from a range. It is also very useful to
 monitor the health of a trend and to check reactions at key resistances or
 support levels. In a high volume environment the liquidity is good, which
 means orders can be filled with little to no slippage. Volume is simply the
 number of contracts bought and sold, added together per time candle or volume
 candle. We recommend that you focus on trading assets that have had a high
 trading volume within the past 24 hours, especially when it comes to trading
 altcoins. It is possible to check very detailed volume information and order
 flow using software such as exochards and attas. Now let's have a look at a
 practical example. The recommended settings for the volume profile tool on
 trading view are moving average length 30 and style set to histogram. Your volume
 profile should then look like this. The moving average line allows you to
 easily see whether there are any volume increases or spikes when reaching certain
 key levels. Now let's have a look at the changes in volume as we approach this
 trend line. Here we can observe that the volume before approaching the trend line
 is relatively low. Once the trend line is approached there is an increase in the
 volume as we reject and lose the range support to move lower. Now let's observe
 the behavior of volume as price action develops. On the following bearish drop
 in price we see that there is also an increase in sell volume, well above the
 moving average line. Then as the following range progresses volume is lower.
 There is another spike in volume as these lows are taken and a swing
 failure pattern occurs with an aggressive buyback and a bounce upwards. As this
 range progresses volume tapers off. Once we reach this trend line again there is a
 very strong reaction with a massive increase in sell volume and a subsequent
 drop in price losing the entire previous range of support and moving down once
 again bearishly. Here once these lows are taken there is also another increase in
 volume above the average signaling some buying interest this time as you can see
 on the green candles. After that a range follows with decreasing volume.
 Finally we approach the trend line once again and after an initial weak
 rejection there is a strong increase in volume as we break out of the trend line
 and move higher in price. This is of course the simplified view of volume
 behavior on trading view. However by using footprint software it is possible to see
 very detailed statistics also in very low time frames and different types of
 charts to pinpoint the turnaround points and the reactions at these key levels and
 monitor the strength of the following moves. Now let's go over some tips and
 tricks on how to best use volume. We recommend that you use volume to confirm
 the health of a trend and to check the validity of possible breakouts or
 breakdowns from a range. The recommended volume moving average setting is 30 and
 also the histogram setting. Generally when price is rising and volume is
 increasing it is considered a strong uptrend or bullish. However if price is
 rising on decreasing volume it is considered a weak uptrend or bearish.
 If price is declining and volume is increasing it is considered a strong
 downtrend or bearish. However if price is declining on decreasing volume then
 it is considered a weak downtrend and viewed as bullish. The spread is simply
 the difference between the sell and the buy limit orders in the order book closest
 to the current price. The spread should be as low as possible which indicates
 good liquidity in the asset. Slippage means that orders get filled at
 different prices than expected due to low liquidity. Here is the take-home
 message for this module. Volume is a powerful metric useful to confirm the
 health of a trend. Also to decipher a possible trend reversal and to check
 the validity of a breakout or breakdown from a key level or range. It is possible
 to use footprint software to obtain detailed volume statistics and order
 flow statistics to have an edge on the competition. Liquidity and high volume
 are crucial in the trading environment to be able to fill orders with little to
 no slippage. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll
 see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
