 Hello and welcome to this volume module. Today we're going to be covering unbalanced volume.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of the unbalanced volume indicator,
 how to correctly implement it, and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to base use it.
 Unbalanced volume provides a running total of the trading volume of an asset
 and shows whether volume is flowing in or out of the trading pair.
 It is very useful to monitor the health of an uptrend or a downtrend.
 It is also useful to estimate a possible breakout or breakdown from a range.
 To implement this leading indicator on trading view we recommend that you use the default settings.
 It is then possible to monitor unbalanced volume as the trend progresses.
 In general volume should follow the trend and it is possible to check for divergences and perhaps a formation of a top or bottom.
 It is also useful to monitor unbalanced volume at the edges of ranges to see if volume leads price
 and signals a possible breakout or breakdown from the range.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example. To activate your unbalanced volume indicator simply search for it under indicators on trading view and select the top one.
 Once activated it should look like this.
 We recommend that you leave the settings as default.
 Now we can use unbalanced volume to check for the health of this uptrend.
 Initially we can see that price is making higher highs and unbalanced volume also makes higher highs.
 Thus far the trend is healthy.
 Then on the second part we see that price continues to make higher highs but unbalanced volume makes a lower high.
 This is a bearish divergence showing that volume is not following the price movement.
 As a result we see that the bearish divergences play out and there is a pullback in price.
 Now let's take a look at an example of unbalanced volume leading price.
 In this case we can see that price begins to break down from this upper range and moves to the next support level.
 This support level holds for quite a few days.
 However we can already see that unbalanced volume is making lower lows and lower highs even though price remains above this support level.
 Thus we can say that volume is leading the move.
 Finally price follows, breaks down from the support, back tested as resistance and continues to move down following the lead of the volume.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best use unbalanced volume.
 This indicator is classified as a leading indicator showing real data as it comes in and providing a very powerful tool when used with other technical analysis tools as confluence.
 It is also possible to look for patterns in unbalanced volume itself.
 The unbalanced volume can be used across all timeframes.
 The four hour time frame is the recommended one.
 The unbalanced volume calculations are not needed to implement this tool and they are based in these three rules.
 The current OBV equals the previous OBV plus the current candle volume if the current candle closing price is higher than the previous candle closing price.
 Second, the current unbalanced volume is equal to the previous unbalanced volume minus the current candle volume if the current candle closing price is lower than the previous candle closing price.
 Finally, the current OBV is equal to the previous OBV if the current candle closing price equals the previous candle closing price.
 Here is the take home message for this module.
 Unbalanced volume can be used to monitor the health of an uptrend or downtrend and to help identify possible tops and bottoms by checking for divergences.
 It is also useful to estimate a possible break from a range as volume leads price.
 OBV is a powerful leading indicator when used with other technical tools as confluence.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
