 Hello and welcome to this volume module. Today we're going to be covering the
 volume profile visible range tool. Please pause this video and take a moment to
 read this trade disclaimer. As the information contained in this video is
 not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this module we
 will cover the utility of the VP VR tool, how to implement it correctly, and then
 go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it. The visible range
 tool is useful to identify volume transacted horizontally at each price
 level. This tool can help us confirm ranges with volume. It is also very useful to
 define the boundaries for the continuous auctioning process in the markets. To
 implement the visible range tool or VP VR on trading view we recommend that you
 use row size 188 and a value area volume of 68 or 70. There are three key
 components in the VP VR tool that will become visible. The value area high, the
 value area low, and the point of control. These areas can be treated as support
 and resistance areas. The value area high is the upper boundary of the area with
 the highest transaction interest in the range and it is considered above fair
 value. Thus it is generally an area to look for short entries. Conversely the
 value area low is considered below fair value and is the lower boundary of our
 area of interest in the range. Thus this is an area to look for long
 entries. The point of control is the area with the highest amount of volume
 horizontally and it is considered fair value where generally no new trading
 positions should be opened. Now let's have a look at a practical example of how
 to implement the volume profile visible range tool on trading view. By clicking
 on the drop-down menu indicators metrics and strategies and typing VP VR in the
 search box it is possible to select the tool here. Once active on the chart we
 can then use the tool to determine how and where the volume is distributed in
 this range. We recommend that you use the following settings for the tool, row size
 188 and value area volume 68 or 70. These are the style settings for the tool. As we
 can observe the visible range tool now calculates all of the volume of the
 price action present in the chart. As we can see the lighter area is our value
 area and it has an upper boundary a point of control where most of the volume was
 transacted horizontally and a value area low. It is possible to mark these areas
 for future reference. This structure now looks very similar to a parallel channel
 and we can use the volume information to take possible trades at the key areas.
 For example we can look for possible short entries as we approach the upper
 boundary or value area high of the range. Once we approach the lows of the range
 we can look for possible long entries to rotate back to the top of the range. As
 we can see the key areas of this volume profile are well respected and help us
 establish a nice range to trade. However it is important to take into account
 the deviations are possible and it is very important to always check market
 context and order flow when approaching the key areas. The point of control can
 be used as a take profit area or short trades taken from the top of the range
 or long trades taken from the bottom of the range. As it is possible that price
 action reaches the point of control and reverses to entry before actually
 rotating to the value area low. Finally we recommend that you also monitor
 the speed and time taken for rotations from the top to the bottom of the range
 and vice versa. If there is a change in the speed and momentum of a rotation
 within the range this could indicate that it might have follow-through. It is
 also important to check order flow as we approach these key areas to see if any
 possible deviations outside of them are actually genuine breakouts or simply a
 fakeout. The key volume areas of a higher time frame range such as this one are
 usually well respected and it is also possible to use the point of control as
 a full take profit area. Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to
 best use the visible range tool. It is important to differentiate the two types
 of the auctioning process. In the first type the ranging type we see sideways
 price action contained in a horizontal range. This happens 80% of the time. In a
 trending auctioning process there is a series of ranges that are breaking
 upwards or downwards continuously. This happens 20% of the time. It is very
 important to realize profits especially when trading ranges as price can simply
 rotate from the top to the bottom of the range and back to the top. When trading
 ranges context is very important and we recommend that you do not simply trade
 ranges robotically from high to low and low to high. Large higher time frame
 ranges are usually stronger. Traders that are caught offside often exit at break
 even prices if possible causing reactions at the key levels of the range. It is
 important to monitor order flow including volume, open interest and delta as the
 range progresses especially at the key areas. We recommend that you measure the
 speed of the rotations within the range, to gauge momentum and to check for
 divergences as the range goes on. It is also possible to merge similar ranges
 into a composite profile. This is however advanced theory. Here is the take-home
 message for this module. The volume profile visible range tool is helpful to
 identify ranges by showing volume transacted horizontally at each price
 level. The value area high, value area low and point of control are key areas
 that can provide entries and price targets. It is important to monitor the
 context of the market and check order flow as the range progresses. This concludes
 today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy
 learning and happy trading!
