 Hello and welcome to this volume module. Today we're going to be covering the
 fix range tool. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade
 disclaimer as the information contained in this video is not financial advice
 and is only for educational purposes. In this module we will cover the utility
 of the fix range tool, how to correctly implement it, and then go over some
 examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it. The fix range tool is useful
 to identify volume transacted horizontally at each price level, similar
 to the visible range tool. However, with the fix range tool it is possible to do
 this for specific areas of the chart. Once again the tool can help us confirm
 ranges with volume and also define boundaries for the auctioning process. As
 a special bonus the fix range tool can help us find untested or naked points of
 control in past price history that might become relevant once revisited. The
 recommended settings for the fix range tool on trading view are row size 148 and a
 value area volume of 68 or 70. Once again the fix range tool will show us three
 key components - the value area high, the value area low, and the point of
 control. These areas can be treated as support and resistance levels. The value
 area high is the upper boundary of the area with the highest transaction
 interest in the range and it is considered above fair value. Thus it is
 generally an area to look for short entries. Conversely the value area low
 is considered below fair value and is the lower boundary of our area of
 interest in the range. Thus this is an area to look for long entries. The point
 of control is the area with the highest amount of volume horizontally and it
 is considered fair value where generally no new trading positions should be
 opened. Now let's go over a practical example on how to implement the fix range
 volume profile tool on trading view. First we select the tool from this dropdown
 menu. Then we select two pivots in this macro range on the daily time frame to
 establish our key areas. In this case the selection of the beginning and ending
 pivot for this fix range pull is to attempt to capture the volume within the
 range without counting the volume necessary to enter and to later exit the
 range. Now we can proceed to mark the key areas that define the value area with
 the most transaction interest in this range. First the value area high then the
 point of control and then the value area low. All of these three areas can act as
 support and resistance levels and generally we will look for short
 positions at the value area high to rotate down through the point of control
 to the value area low where we can then look for long positions to once again
 rotate up to the value area high. The advantage of the fix range tool is that
 we can choose different areas on the chart and also establish what the
 volume distribution looked like in that area and establish once again a value
 area high a point of control and a value area low. As we can observe here price
 action leaves the range and flips the previous resistance area of the value
 area high into a support area. To ultimately break out of the new range
 formed here first by almost revisiting the point of control area and then
 finding continuation to the upside. In theory if price action were to re-enter
 this range we would expect the point of control to provide a significant
 reaction if revisited. Let's see if that actually happened. We can zoom out and
 observe that price action did re-enter the range and rejected or in this case
 bounced off of the point of control for quite a significant move to the
 upside. We can also observe that the smaller range formed after leaving the
 original larger high time frame range here was also relevant when price action
 revisited the area. Here we can see that this point of control was even untested
 or naked and upon revisiting it provided on the first touch a very strong
 reaction to the upside. Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best
 use the fixed range tool. This tool is very powerful advanced and arguably
 better than the visible range tool as it allows us to select specific areas of
 the chart to define individual ranges. It can also help define untested ranges
 from previous price history and untested or naked points of control which can
 provide strong reactions when revisited. Price will often reject or bounce at the
 point of control upon re-entering a range and the point of control is then the
 most likely support resistance area based of course on market context. When
 using the fixed range tool to find possible entries and price targets it is
 of course very important to look at market context and search for
 confluence. The tool is useful for all time frames but it is easier to implement
 on higher time frames such as the four hour and higher. There are no hard rules
 for the start and the end of a fixed range pool. This is based on market
 structure, intuition and experience. Here is the take-home message for this
 module. The fixed range tool is a very powerful tool that helps identify
 individual ranges in different sections of the chart and can also help find
 untested or naked points of control. The value area high, value area low and
 point of control can act as support and resistance levels and are thus key
 areas. Market context and order flow are very important when using the fixed
 range tool to find possible entries and price targets. This concludes today's
 module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning
 and happy trading.
