 Hello and welcome to this footprint module. Today we're going to be covering
 exocharts. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer
 as the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is
 only for educational purposes. In this module we're going to be covering the
 utility of the exocharts software. We're going to go over some examples of how to
 implement it and then over some tips and tricks. Exocharts is a powerful
 footprint chart software. You will be able to monitor volume, delta, open
 interest and TPO. This will provide you with the ability to perform professional
 order flow analysis which will offer you a clear advantage in combination with
 technical analysis. In order to use exocharts you will need to pay for a
 subscription of about $30 per month. You will have access to multiple chart
 types including volume, delta and trend reversal charts. There is a web version
 available as well as a desktop pro version. Now let's have a look at a
 practical example. First we're going to start by loading up a template shared
 in the discord. This is the chart champions template. We have to open the
 text file, select the entire content and then go to a template here on the top
 left and click import. We proceed to paste the full text into this space here
 and then hit import again. This will now show up at the bottom of our list where
 we can then assign it to a hotkey or simply click on load. Once we have done
 that you can see that we now have the standard template loaded and available.
 Now let's go over some of the main features of this template. It is very
 important that you always check that you are on the correct trading pair. Here on
 the top left you can select the exchange as well as the pair. In this case it's
 the Bybit BTC USD pair. This is the pair with the best order flow and hence the
 reason why we prefer it. After we've selected the trading pair we can now
 choose which type of chart we would like to see. We can either choose a time
 interval similar to what is available on trading view or we can choose delta
 charts, volume charts or even trend reversal charts. These charts provide you
 with a different point of view for the same data based on delta or volume instead
 of time. The next setting available is tick size. On this template it is set
 to 50 which is fitting for the timeframe selected. If you intend to scalp trade
 on lower timeframes a lower tick size may be more appropriate. There is no right
 or wrong value here so you can experiment with different values. Our next option
 is the cluster option on this drop-down menu. Here we have delta cluster
 selected. It is also possible to select volume profile, delta profile, bid-ask
 profile, volume cluster and delta cluster. These provide you with the same
 information but with different visual representations. In order to see these
 settings better let's turn off some of the other settings.
 Now you can see that only the delta cluster setting has been activated and
 when we zoom in we have no data in here and simply color shading. This is
 already very valuable information. As you can see that darker shading represents a
 higher concentration of delta. If we switch to a volume cluster the darker
 shading represents a higher concentration of volume. This can be quite useful for
 setting up possible trades as areas of high volume or high delta concentration
 once revisited can prove to be support or resistance depending on the
 confluence. If you choose the volume profile option you will see how much
 volume was traded at each level within each candle. If you select delta profile
 you will see the same information with the additional information of knowing
 how much buying or selling was involved at each level. Now let's have a look at
 the bid-ask profile option. As you can see it now shows you the buying on the
 right side and the selling on the left side. Let's turn off some of the other
 features to see this a little bit better. As you can see sometimes when there is a
 very impulsive price move there is very little volume involved and once you reach
 a certain level the sell or the buy volume increases. Ideally when losing a
 level of support let's say this one here you would like to see that the selling
 intensifies below the level showing you acceptance there. Conversely when
 claiming a level after the initial impulsive move it is ideal to see a
 thicker buy side on the bid-ask profile as compared to the sell side
 reminding us of the letter P. This would indicate acceptance above the level. Now
 let's have a look at the text options. Zooming in we can see that if we choose
 volume we have a numerical representation of the volume traded at each level. If we
 choose delta we instead see the delta at each level. If we choose bid-ask the
 candle is divided into two sides. The left side shows us the market sell orders
 and the right side shows us the market buy orders. If we activate the imbalance
 option we can see the imbalances highlighted. The next setting is candle.
 Usually it is said to none on this template. One useful feature could be OHLC or
 Open High Low Close which shows you the shape of the actual candle on trading
 view so that you can see if the volume was accumulated in the wake of the
 candle or in the body of the candle. Additionally we can turn on a volume
 profile, the trade count or the rec setting showing us short liquidations
 in green and long liquidations in red. Next we will turn on the footprint bar
 statistics again. Here we can see two rows with cumulative volume delta, one
 for session and one for the full data, a row with volume and a row with delta
 per candle. By clicking on the cogwheel here on the bottom left you can modify
 the rows that are being shown or add new rows with different data depending on
 what you would like to analyze. By activating the trade size option it is
 possible to see the market orders grouped by their different size. Next we can
 activate the candlestick statistics to see below or above the candle the
 information that is also shown in the footprint bar statistics in this case
 volume and delta per candle. Next you can activate the D bars which shows you a
 visual representation of cumulative volume delta. This is very useful to read
 CVD divergences. If we turn on the market settings again we can see on the right
 for this template the previous day value area high, the previous day equilibrium,
 the previous day point of control, the previous day value area low as well as
 the daily open. By activating the value area setting it is possible to see where
 most of the volume was transacted for each candle. By enabling the POC setting
 we are also shown with a red line where the point of control for each candle is.
 Additionally this template has a volume profile on the left and a depth of
 market profile on the right already built in. If we zoom out we can see this on
 the left and also on the right side of the screen. Let's have a look at some of
 the other available templates. This is the open interest template showing us open
 interest at the bottom, net shorts in the middle and net longs at the top. Here we
 can then easily use this to determine whether a certain move in price is
 healthy or not depending on what open interest is doing. This is the standard
 TPO template or time price opportunity where we can see the sessions, naked
 points of control, single print rows, buying tails, selling tails, value areas
 and so on. The daily volume profile template is very useful to identify where
 naked points of control from previous daily sessions are located. If we then
 simply change the time frame to weekly and to monthly we can see where the
 naked points of control from these respective sessions are located. Exo
 charts calculates volume more accurately than trading view. Attas and Sierra
 charts are alternative footprint software platforms. Here is the take-home message
 for today's module. Exo charts is a professional footprint chart software.
 With it it is possible to monitor order flow including volume, delta and open
 interest. It is a very powerful addition to your trading arsenal and can take
 your trading to the next level. This concludes today's module. Thank you for
 watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
