 Hello and welcome to this footprint module. Today we're going to be covering
 footprint charts. Please pause to read this trade disclaimer. All of the
 information on this module is solely for educational purposes. No financial
 advice in any shape of form is being given. In this module we're going to
 cover the utility of footprint charts, how to implement them, and then we're
 going to go over some tips and tricks and examples on how to best use them.
 Footprint charts are a very powerful tool for your trading arsenal, as they
 allow you to look inside a candle and see the amount of volume transacted at
 each price. You can also see where there are many buyers and sellers
 horizontally, which is helpful to determine support and resistance levels.
 Also, you can determine the acceptance above or below a key level with great
 precision. In order to use footprint charts, you will need to use footprint
 software such as exocharts. We recommend that you use them in conjunction with
 technical analysis at previously determined key levels. With footprint
 charts, you will be able to monitor order flow including open interest, volume, and
 delta, which is particularly useful for day trading and scalping. Let's have a
 look at a practical example of what a footprint chart looks like on exocharts.
 Here we have a standard template and we are using the Bybit BTC USD pair. It is
 set to the one-hour time frame and for this example we have set it to the
 delta cluster with no text. What you can see at the bottom of the screen is the
 volume per candle, the delta per candle, and the cumulative volume delta. If we now
 turn on the text setting to volume, we will be able to see numbers inside the
 candles showing how much volume was traded at each price level. We can also
 switch this to bid ask and then we will be able to see the market cell orders on
 the left side and the market by orders on the right side. As you can see each
 candle has a lighter area and a darker area. This is the value area. When we turn on
 this setting, we can see where 68% of the volume in that candle was traded. If we
 then combine the volume data with delta, open interest, and cumulative volume
 delta, we can very precisely determine order flow at key levels to help us
 implement higher probability trades. Now let's go over some tips and tricks on
 how to best use footprint charts. A very useful feature is the bid ask profile,
 which is most useful for day trading to see the live buying and selling interest
 when approaching a key level. On the left side you will see the contracts sold at
 market and on the right side you will see the contracts bought at market. There is
 no right tick size and you can experiment with different values. In
 general we recommend a higher tick size for a higher time frame analysis. The
 value area setting shows as a lighter color range where 68% of the volume in
 the candle was traded. You can use the open high low close setting to see the
 shape of the candle as the volume could be mostly in the wake. In the footprint
 charts only market orders are shown. Now let's have a look at the bid ask profile.
 Here we can select this option from the drop-down menu. Now we see the same
 candles but depicted differently showing us the selling on the left and the
 buying on the right with different colors. We can also start to appreciate a
 certain shape for these candles. Here on this price movement downwards we see
 that the volume is very low in the initial drop and it picks up as soon as
 we reach this area. We also see that the selling side is slightly larger than the
 buy-in side. This shows that there is acceptance at this level. If we now turn
 on the open high low close setting we can see the shape of the candlestick. As you
 can see the body of the candle contains barely any volume and most of the volume
 for this candle is contained within the wake. Let's have a look at another
 example. Here on the bid ask profile we can see that there is very little volume
 on the push upwards in price. Once we reach this level the volume and
 transaction interest increases. On the next push to a higher range we see a
 candle that reminds us of the letter P indicating that there is buying interest
 and acceptance at this range. On the following candles however we see that
 the buying interest decreases and the selling side of the candles increases.
 We then proceed to auction lower to the range below and as volume and negative
 delta increase we move further down. Now you can see that the shape of the
 candles is inverted and the left side is now bigger than the right side showing
 us that the acceptance is now at this level. Here is the take-home message for
 this module. With footprint charts you will be able to see market orders inside
 of the candles. You will be able to determine reactions at key levels with
 great precision. If you combine volume delta and open interest you will have a
 powerful combination to aid you in the execution of your trades. This concludes
 today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy
 learning and happy trading!
