 Hello and welcome to this footprint module. Today we're going to be covering
 Delta. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as
 the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for
 educational purposes. In this module we're going to be covering the utility of
 Delta, how to implement it, and then we're going to go over some examples and
 tips and tricks on how to best use it. Delta is the sum of aggressive market
 orders. In other words, buys minus sells. It shows whether buyers or sellers are
 in control of the current candle. Delta is useful to determine possible
 breakouts of a range and reversals at key levels. To implement Delta you will
 need footprint software such as exocharts. It is useful to monitor Delta to help
 determine whether a price movement is healthy. We recommend that you use Delta
 in conjunction with open interest, volume, and cumulative volume Delta. Now let's
 go over some background information to better help us understand this topic.
 Let's go over passive versus active order flow. Passive order flow is
 characterized by limit orders. Active order flow on the other hand is
 characterized by aggressive market orders. In order for a passive order to get
 filled an active market order is needed. Price can only move when market orders
 are placed. Let's have a look at a practical example on exocharts. Here we
 have the standard chart champions template with the Bybit BTC USD pair
 selected on the 30-minute time frame with Delta clusters activated. As we can
 see price has moved down into this area with increasing volume and increasing
 negative Delta. This shows that the downward move was healthy and strong. As
 we reach this support area however, we notice that volume decreases and also
 Delta decreases. In other words, the momentum decreases. We then begin to range
 within this price area. As we approach the lows of the range, the selling
 activity decreases and the negative Delta flips to positive Delta showing
 aggressive buying interest. Conversely, as we approach the highs of the range, the
 buying interest shown here by positive Delta and a slight increase in volume
 disappears and the selling activity increases. This is a balanced and range
 bound environment. Now let's go over some tips and tricks. A healthy price move is
 characterized by an increase in aggressive market orders or volume and
 positive Delta for an uptrend or negative Delta for a downtrend. If volume and
 Delta are decreasing on a move, price is likely to reverse. It is possible to have
 a green candle with negative Delta and also to have a red candle with positive
 Delta. In range trading, we can expect a decrease in Delta as the edges of the
 range are approached. Range bound price action means that we can observe active
 selling at the top of the range and active buying at the bottom of the range. A
 healthy and strong breakout of a range, whether up or down, is accompanied by
 strong volume and an increasing Delta. Decreasing volume and Delta on the
 breakout or breakdown, signal weakness however and are likely reversal into the
 range. Now let's have a look at a false breakout of a range and a true breakout
 of a range. This is the local range that we were observing on the previous example.
 Here we see that the lows of the range are taken and volume and negative Delta
 increase. However, this does not last for long and the next candle shows us that
 Delta has shifted to positive. As a result, we have moved back into the range and
 have failed to lose the lows of the range. Let's check what happens on the other
 side. As you can see, the highs of the range are around 55,300. As we zoom in, we
 can see the opposite case of what we saw before. Now the positive Delta remains
 volume increases and we break out of the range. There is no heavy selling to stop
 us and we move way beyond the highs of the range. Here we can see that by looking
 at the increasing positive Delta and volume, we can differentiate between a
 true breakout from the range and a false breakdown. Delta clusters can be helpful
 as they show areas on the chart with high Delta in darker shading. An area with
 high Delta can offer a reversal point if revisited. For this we recommend that you
 use additional confluence. Here is the take-home message for today's module.
 Delta shows market sales minus buys and can be positive or negative. It is very
 helpful to identify breakouts and possible reversals. We recommend that you
 combine Delta with volume and open interest when monitoring reactions at
 key levels. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you
 on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
