 Hello and welcome to this footprint module, today we're going to be covering imbalances.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we're going to cover the utility of looking at imbalances, how to implement
 them and then go over some tips and tricks on how to best use them as well as cover the
 special case swing failure pattern.
 Imbalances appear when volume traded at a certain price level is no longer balanced.
 When a level is out of balance there are proportionally more buyers or sellers at that level.
 We should check for imbalances at key support and resistance levels to differentiate between
 continuation and a possible price reversal.
 In order to check for imbalances and implement them you will need footprint software such
 as exocharts.
 We recommend that you set the template settings between 400 and 618%.
 The context in which imbalances appear and the following reactions can greatly enhance
 your trading strategy and win rate.
 Let's have a look at a practical representation of what imbalances look like on exocharts.
 Here we have the chart champions template on bibit BTC USD pair on the 30 minute time
 frame and we have activated the delta cluster as well as the imbalance text.
 When we now zoom into the candles we will be able to see the selling imbalances in these
 black boxes in red and the buying imbalances in these black boxes in green.
 The settings for the imbalances are set to 618%.
 When implementing imbalances you can check for absorption, in other words for limit orders
 opposite to the imbalances.
 Secondly, you can also look for swing failure patterns which can bring swift price reversals.
 Lastly, you can also check for stacked imbalances which are 3 or more on top of each other showing
 momentum in the move.
 Let's go over some background information to better help us understand this topic.
 The price of an asset will move up until new longs no longer want to open and/or longs
 are overwhelmed by shorts.
 Conversely the price of an asset will move down until new shorts no longer want to open
 and/or shorts are overwhelmed by longs.
 In this case overwhelmed means that imbalances will form.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best implement imbalances.
 Imbalances are not horizontal to each other.
 They should be viewed diagonally in steps.
 The beginnings and ends of a trend are often marked by market imbalances caused by aggressive
 market participants.
 Absorption and CVD divergences can indicate a possible trend reversal.
 On breaking an important level it is important to see imbalances with high volume in the
 direction of the move.
 For example heavy selling imbalances when losing a level and conversely heavy buying
 imbalances when claiming a level.
 If the market does not do what it is supposed to do at a key level then the contrary move
 is likely to be magnified.
 We recommend that you observe market behavior after imbalances occur.
 Let's have a look at an example of absorption.
 Here we have the chart champions template on Bybit BTC USD pair on the 30 minute time
 frame with delta cluster activated and of course imbalances.
 As you can see we have a price drop here that has a very nice bounce with a following retracement.
 What we can now see is that as we approach this retracement and possible support area
 which we have previously mapped out on trading view using our technical analysis tools we
 see quite a lot of selling imbalances even stacked ones heading towards that support.
 As we reach that support level however we have trouble going lower in price.
 As we zoom out we see that the cumulative volume delta in this visual representation
 here is making a lower low in price and this price action is making a higher low.
 In other words the selling effort as shown by these imbalances and aggressive behavior
 by the sellers is not being rewarded with a lower price.
 Here we can see that the selling effort on the left was less than the selling effort
 on this retracement here on the right.
 Price however is higher.
 This means that we have absorption in play by a larger trader with limit by orders.
 This goes on for quite a while these are 30 minute candles and repeatedly the selling imbalances
 that try to bring price lower fail to do so and we make higher lows.
 The result of this situation as you can see is that we end up breaking out of this local
 range and changing market structure to make a new high.
 Now let's have a look at a special case the swing failure pattern.
 The swing failure pattern or SFP can happen when upon breaking or losing a level imbalances
 opposite to the direction of the move appear.
 It is then possible to get a swift reversal in price.
 First, stacked imbalances in the wick with large volume will appear followed by a candle
 close below or above the reference level.
 Secondly, the price reversal will continue with strong opposite imbalances to the initial
 move.
 A swing failure pattern is best traded when the reference level is taking with very high
 volume but then price retraces with aggressive selling or buying in the opposite direction.
 It is very important to also monitor open interest, volume and delta.
 Let's have a look at an example on exochards of a swing failure pattern.
 This is the chart champions template on bibit BTC USD pair on the 30 minute time frame.
 This is the market structure that has developed after a significant drop in price.
 We can see that this double bottom has formed at these lows at an approximate level of 53,550.
 We will now use this as our key or reference level.
 We can observe that price action remains range bound for a couple of days.
 Finally, going below our key reference level here on the right.
 Let's zoom into that.
 As you can see, there are a lot of selling imbalances as price drops.
 Here we have not yet reached our key reference level, the double bottom.
 Around here 53,500 we finally take the lows of that double bottom with a lot of selling
 and an overwhelming of the longs by the shorts as seen by these selling imbalances.
 Volume has increased and delta is negative.
 The selling is heavy around the lows of the week and now the question is does price continue
 to go lower as it is supposed to since it is selling off or does it have trouble doing
 so.
 We can observe this for a while and in this case we noticed that price did not manage
 to push lower than this and rather quickly, swiftly reversed above our reference level.
 As soon as this happens, we can already see that stage one of a possible swing failure
 pattern is happening.
 We have heavy selling into the lows, taking the previous reference level and then a reversal
 already happening.
 This is happening because limit by orders have been absorbing the aggressive selling.
 Now what we want to see are buying imbalances to give us continuation for this possible
 reversal.
 As we scroll up, we can see that the buying imbalances appear.
 If we zoom out once again, we will see that we are back inside of the range that we had
 been trading within for a couple of days.
 A swing failure pattern is now active.
 It is very easy to participate in a trade like this because the invalidation is simply
 the low of this week.
 These traders are trapped as long as price remains up here.
 If price were to drop again below this level, then all of these traders that shorted at the
 low are not trapped anymore and could get out of their positions at break even.
 Let's see what happens next.
 The buying imbalances continue on the next 30-minute candle, as we can see by zooming
 in here.
 Now we even have stacked buying imbalances.
 Volume is a bit lower than on the drop, but delta has now turned positive.
 And we are now even approaching the top of the range.
 A possible change in market structure would be confirmed by taking these highs.
 As you can see, this happens a couple hours later, and the buying imbalances continue
 without any real resistance by the shorts.
 We can see now that the shorts or the selling side of the market is being overwhelmed by
 very impulsive longs, and shorts are even forced to get out of their positions, also
 by buying, adding fuel to the fire.
 This chain reaction takes us all the way up to this level here.
 This is a very nice example of price ranging after a relatively dramatic price movement,
 ending a stable range and then failing to swing past the lows of this range with a very aggressive
 turnaround in price that leads to a very significant move to the upside changing market structure.
 Using what you've learned about imbalances, you can now check for evidence before entering
 a trade.
 First, you can check for aggressive selling or buying at the key level, but price action
 not moving past it, indicating absorption.
 Secondly, you can check for trap traders and a change in market structure.
 Thirdly, you can check for aggressive participants entering the market with an increase in volume
 upon reaching the key level.
 If you find no such evidence, there is no high probability trade to take.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 Imbalances show one side of the market participants being overwhelmed by the other side, either
 longs being overwhelmed by shorts or shorts being overwhelmed by longs.
 You should check for absorption, a possible swing failure pattern and stacked imbalances
 to increase your win rate.
 We recommend that you wait for evidence before participating.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
