 Hello and welcome to this tools and charts module. Today we're going to be
 covering chart types. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this
 trade disclaimer as the information contained in this video is not financial
 advice and is only for educational purposes. In this module we will cover
 the utility of six different chart types, how to correctly implement them, and then
 go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use them. In this
 module we will cover six different chart types that will allow us to move
 away from the classic time-based charts. These chart types can provide a clean
 view of powerful data behind the scenes. It is possible to use them to read
 order flow, which is ultimately the next level scalp and day trading method.
 A range chart is a chart type where a new candle is created after price moves a
 set amount of ticks. One tick equals 50 cents. This chart type is useful for
 determining support and resistance levels such as the edges or midline of a
 well-defined parallel channel. It is also possible to detect a momentum
 change if the candles print in rapid succession and we can do this by adding
 time per candle as a statistic. Now let's have a look at a practical example. Here
 we have the Bitcoin USD pair on Bybit, on the one-minute time frame, on
 trading view, on the right side of the screen. On the left side we have a range
 40 chart on the same pair on exocharts. The range 40 chart means that a new
 candle will only be printed if price moves 40 ticks or 20 dollars. We can
 already notice that with the range 40 chart we have a much cleaner view of
 price action and candles are only printed if an actual significant price
 movement occurs. With this chart it is easier to determine significant support
 and resistance levels such as the edges or midline of a well-defined parallel
 channel than with the traditional time-based chart. The range Y chart is a
 modification of the range chart. Here a new candle is created after price moves a
 set number of ticks away from the candle open. This chart type is even cleaner
 than the range chart. Now let's have a look at a practical example of a range
 Y chart. Following up on the previous example we have simply changed the chart
 type to range Y 40. As we can observe the price action on the left side is
 much cleaner than the price action time-based on the right side on trading view.
 By adding the time statistic to the range and range Y charts it is possible to
 detect a momentum change if for example the candles are suddenly printed in
 rapid succession such as is the case here. We can observe that the time per candle
 is reduced compared to the previous candles. The tick chart is a chart type
 where one tick equals one transaction. This is not the same as tick size. Here a
 new candle is created after a set number of transactions. It resembles a
 visualization of the order book and the size of the orders being processed. Now
 let's have a look at a practical example of a tick chart. In this case we have
 selected the tick 233 chart on exocharts. On the right side we have once again the
 one-minute time frame on trading view. This tick chart will only print a new
 candle after 233 transactions have been concluded. As we can observe it provides
 us an even cleaner depiction of price action removing unnecessary noise shown
 by the time-based chart. If we then add the volume statistic to each candle we
 can observe where larger market participants are getting involved when
 there is a peak in volume per candle and a reduction of time needed to print a
 candle. The trend reversal chart is a very powerful chart type and it combines a
 range chart with vertical price movements or ticks. There are two candle types in
 the trend reversal chart. The trending candles and the reversal candles. This
 chart type is useful to identify when price action is trending, ranging and
 when it has the potential to reverse. In the trend reversal chart a trending
 candle is created when price moves a set number of ticks in the direction of the
 trend. A reversal candle is created when price moves a set number of ticks
 against the trend direction. On a trend reversal 44 26 chart type for example a
 trending candle will be printed after a price movement 44 ticks in the
 direction of the trend. A reversal candle will be printed after a price
 movement of 26 ticks against the trend or against the previous candle. In the
 trend reversal chart the shadows or wicks are not the same as the Japanese
 candlestick wicks from the time-based charts. The shadow or wick is always
 directed opposite to the candle direction which is very useful to see
 where price attempted to go but failed to stay. A red candle will have an upper
 shadow or wick and a green candle will have a lower shadow or wick. Now let's
 have a look at a practical example of a trend reversal chart. Here we have
 selected the trend reversal 44 26 chart type on exocharts. On the right side we
 have once again the BTC USD pair on the one-minute time frame. Similar to the
 previously covered charts the trend reversal chart offers a much cleaner
 view of price action and removes unnecessary noise. However it also adds
 very powerful elements as we can now see if prices trending, ranging or if a
 possible reversal is beginning. It is possible to unlock the true power of the
 trend reversal chart when using the beautiful CCTR template available on the
 chart champions website. Here we have a very nice and clean depiction of price
 action and we can observe very clearly how price behaves around key levels in
 the chart such as the previous day point of control, the previous day open, the
 daily open and the VWAP just to name a few. Similar to the other chart types when
 the trend reversal chart is combined with cumulative volume delta, open interest
 and also delta and volume statistics it becomes a very powerful weapon for
 scalp trading and day trading. A volume chart is a chart type where a new candle
 is created after a set amount of volume has been transacted. It is useful to see
 momentum increasing or decreasing. This chart type also removes noise and is
 very powerful combined with a time statistic. Now let's have a look at a
 practical example of a volume chart. Here we have selected the volume 2 million
 chart type on exocharts from the drop-down menu. On the right side we have the
 one-minute time frame on trading view. On the left side the volume chart will
 only print a new candle after 2 million in volume has been transacted. This
 chart type also removes a lot of the noise provided by the time-based chart.
 And if we combine it with other statistics such as delta and time we can then judge
 a possible change in volatility and momentum. It is also possible to add
 statistics such as trades count to then observe how many trades it took to
 generate a 2 million volume candle. A lower trade count would imply that
 larger position sizes were being processed. A delta chart is very similar to a
 volume chart. However, here a new candle is created after a set amount of delta
 has been reached. This chart type is excellent to monitor incoming market
 orders. It is a very clean chart type and also very powerful combined with a
 time statistic. Now let's have a look at a practical example of a delta chart. Here
 we have selected a delta one million chart type on exocharts. On the right
 side we continue to have the one-minute time frame on trading view. The delta
 chart is arguably one of the cleanest chart types available. In this chart type
 there will only be a new candle after a 1 million delta has occurred. This condenses
 price action into only the most relevant movements and removes all of the
 unnecessary noise provided by the time-based chart. Similar to the other chart
 types, the delta chart becomes very powerful when combined with other
 statistics such as volume, time and trades count. Now let's go over some tips and
 tricks. There is no best chart type that can be recommended. It depends on your
 trading strategy and your personal preference as well as trading style. All
 chart types are powerful when combined with open interest, delta and cumulative
 volume delta. These chart types offer a clear advantage in combination with
 order flow reading for scalp and day trading. In order to master them you will
 need screen time and meticulous observation. Here is the take-home message
 for this module. The six different chart types covered in this module can
 greatly expand your trading arsenal. They will allow you to reduce noise when
 observing price action and you will be able to focus on the relevant data
 behind the scenes. These chart types combined with open interest, delta and
 CVD will offer a powerful weapon for scalp and day trading. This concludes
 today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy
 learning and happy trading.
