 Hello and welcome to this tools and charts module. Today we're going to be
 covering logarithmic scale charts. Please pause this video and take a moment to
 read this trade disclaimer as the information contained in this video is
 not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this module we
 will cover the utility of log-scale charts, how to correctly implement them, and then
 go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to base use them. The log
 scale chart is very useful to analyze data on extremely volatile assets with
 high percentage price moves. It is also useful to analyze old price data ranging
 years. Additionally it allows you to acquire a high time frame perspective
 especially on volatile assets. To correctly implement a log scale chart we
 recommend that you zoom out to a high time frame chart on a trading view, for
 example weekly or monthly time frame, and that you then click on the log button on
 trading view. It is also important to click the box VIB levels based on log
 scale or tools such as the Fibonacci retracement as you otherwise will get
 incorrect levels. Now let's have a look at a practical example. Here we have
 the BTC USD chart on coinbase on the weekly time frame. The data ranges back to
 2014 all the way up to 2022 so we have a multi-year price data analysis. Now we
 click on the log button here on the lower right part on trading view and the
 scale changes to logarithmic. As we can observe the asset is very volatile and
 it includes many price movements with high percentage moves. This already
 fulfills the two requirements to use the log scale chart, multi-year price data
 analysis and high volatility. Additionally now we have a very nice high time frame
 perspective for the asset. Now we can use this high time frame perspective to do
 our technical analysis and for example construct a parallel channel using
 significant pivots such as this low pivot, this high pivot, and this low pivot
 here. As we can observe the channel is well respected on log scale however it is
 not respected or useful in the normal scale. Now we can add additional technical
 analysis tools such as the Fibonacci retracement. Here we have pulled a Fibonacci
 retracement using this low pivot to this high pivot here. It is very important to
 check the settings on the Fibonacci retracement tool and make sure that this
 box fib levels based on log scale is activated otherwise you will get
 incorrect levels for the Fibonacci pull on log scale. It is important to note
 that our horizontal levels will not be affected by the log scale change and
 they can be used just as always to find confluence with other technical
 analysis tools. Now let's go over some tips and tricks. Log scale is not
 recommended for day trading. Looking at an asset with a better
 perspective especially a high time frame perspective can provide you with a
 better trade. Checking log scale versus the normal scale can be helpful. Here is
 the take-home message for this module. The log scale chart is very useful to
 examine historic data ranging back years. It is also useful to check the price
 data on extremely volatile assets with high percentage moves. The log scale chart
 will also allow you to acquire a high time frame perspective for the asset
 allowing you to potentially find a better trade setup. This concludes today's
 module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning
 and happy trading!
