 Hello and welcome to this Strategies module, today we're going to be covering the Chart
 Champions Wizardry setup.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of the CCW setup, how to correctly implement
 it and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it.
 The CCW setup is a mechanical trading method which removes the emotional component from
 the trade.
 It is a good system to get started in trading and we recommend that you use confluence
 with the levels.
 It will allow you to ladder entries and take profits regularly as well as have a defined
 stop loss.
 To correctly implement the CCW setup you will need to choose two significant pivots on the
 chart and apply the Fibonacci retracement tool.
 You can then activate the CCW template with the following levels.
 With the red color, the 1.0172.
 With the golden color, the 0.616, the 0.66, the 0.706 and the 0.796.
 With the green color, the 0.28, the -0.234, the -0.616, the -0.99 and the -1.616.
 Once the Fibonacci retracement tool has been correctly applied, you can then follow these
 three simple steps.
 Step 1, ladder entries at the golden levels.
 For example, 25% of your total position size at each level.
 Step 2, place your stop loss at the red line.
 Step 3, take profits at each of the green levels.
 Then you can move your stop loss to break even after take profit 1 or take profit 2 has
 been reached, depending on your strategy.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example.
 Let us assume that we are looking for a possible short entry after the move from this side
 pivot to this low pivot.
 First, we select the Fibonacci retracement tool and pull from the high to the low.
 Now we can see the standard Fibonacci levels.
 We then activate the CCW template and the special levels appear.
 We now have a red level which is used for our stop loss or invalidation, as well as four
 golden levels where we can ladder our entries.
 Then we have 5 green take profit levels.
 Now let's observe if this trade setup actually played out.
 As we can observe of the 4 ladder entries at the golden levels, the first 3 were filled.
 We reached take profit 1, take profit 2, take profit 3, and a bit later even take profit
 4 of the possible 5 levels.
 Keep in mind that it is very important to use confluence and other technical analysis
 tools as well as volume analysis to fine tune the entry levels and the take profit targets.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best use the CCW setup.
 We recommend that you always use stop losses and that you preferably use market structure
 for stop loss placement.
 We also recommend that you take profits regularly and do not let a winning trade reverse into
 a losing trade.
 Finally, we recommend that you use confluence and that you always check market context.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 The chart champions wizardry setup is a mechanical trading method that eliminates the emotional
 component from the trade.
 With it you can ladder entries and take profits regularly as well as have a defined stop loss.
 We recommend that you use confluence to fine tune the entries and the take profit levels
 as well as using market structure for the correct stop loss placement.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
