Market Structure
 Hello and welcome to this basics module. Today, we're going to be covering market structure.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module, we will cover the utility of identifying market structure,
 how to correctly implement it, and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it.
 Market structure is fundamental to any type of technical analysis tool that you might use.
 It is, so to speak, the anatomy of the chart.
 It is a great way to build context and it can help provide a bias and determine where price action might be headed next.
 In order to begin identifying market structure, ask yourself the question, where is price trying to go?
 The answer will be up or down, in other words trending, or sideways, in other words consolidating.
 This is applicable to all timeframes.
 When the price of an asset is moving higher, it is said to be in an uptrend.
 This is characterized by higher highs and higher lows.
 Breaking the newly made high confirms the uptrend.
 In this situation, longs are favorable, as a continuation of the trend is to be expected.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example of an uptrend.
 Here we have the Bitcoin chart on the weekly timeframe.
 Beginning from this low, we can observe that price pushes higher and then retraces here to make a higher low.
 Once these previous highs are broken, we confirm the uptrend and make a higher high followed by yet another higher low.
 Here the trend is clearly bullish, uptrending and we expect continuation.
 As we can observe, this is the case and very impulsively so, to make yet another higher high, another higher low, and this continues for these pivots here as well.
 When the price of an asset is moving lower, it is said to be downtrending.
 This is characterized by lower highs and lower lows.
 Breaking the newly made low confirms the downtrend.
 And in this constellation, shorts are favorable, as a continuation of the trend is to be expected.
 Now let's zoom in to this section of the chart.
 Now we have zoomed in and we have switched to the daily chart.
 As you can observe, even though these pivots are part of the weekly uptrend, we have a downtrend face on the daily chart here.
 We can mark it once again by taking this pivot high to this low and to the next high, which is now possibly a lower high.
 The downtrend is confirmed once we take these previous lows and make a lower low.
 This confirms that we have a daily downtrend.
 Here we make yet another lower high, but here we do not make a lower low, and instead we enter a sideways consolidation phase or range.
 When the price of an asset is moving sideways, it is said to be in a consolidation phase.
 This is characterized by the lack of higher highs or lower lows.
 It is an indecision phase and a sideways range is formed, which can be traded from the top to the bottom and vice versa.
 A breakout on either side of the range can occur.
 Now let's zoom into the consolidation phase of the chart here.
 This is the zoomed-in view now on the four-hour timeframe.
 To summarize, we still find ourselves in a very impulsive, weekly uptrend within a downtrend on the daily timeframe, and we have now reached a consolidation phase.
 It is easier to visualize these consolidation phases by using the parallel channel tool, which can also be additional confluence for possible trades.
 Here we see that we remain range bound with a few deviations or attempts to leave the range, which ultimately do not succeed.
 Here there is a very large deviation to the upside, but ultimately we do end up falling back into the range before finally breaking out here.
 Even though this impulsive attempt to leave the consolidation range does not initially succeed, it does set up the opportunity for the uptrend to resume.
 We can use this low pivot here, this high pivot here, and then view this pivot as a possible higher low.
 The uptrend is then confirmed once we take these highs and make yet another higher high followed by another higher low.
 Then the uptrend is fully resumed, and once again long trades are favorable as price moves to the upside.
 To summarize this section of the chart, we have an impulsive, weekly uptrend that does not change.
 Within this section of the weekly uptrend, we have a daily downtrend, which ends with a consolidation phase and then resumes by making higher highs and higher lows, and is once again in line with the larger weekly time frame.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks. When attempting to identify a trend reversal, keep in mind that you need three pivots to identify a trend.
 It can be difficult to identify a trend as there can be a trend within a trend on different time frames.
 Here is the take-home message for this module. Market Structure is the fundamental building block for all your technical analysis tools.
 It is important to identify whether price is in an uptrend, a downtrend, or in a sideways consolidation phase.
 A trend reversal is based on market structure on multiple time frames.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
