 Hello and welcome to this strategies module. Today we're going to be covering
 the exponential moving average strategy. Please pause this video and take a
 moment to read this trade disclaimer as the information contained in this
 video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this
 module we will cover the utility of the exponential moving average strategy, how
 to correctly implement it and then go over some examples and tips and tricks
 on how to best use it. The exponential moving average strategy has the
 advantage that it is a simple strategy. It prevents you from attempting to
 outsmart the market and it helps you maximize profits by following the trend.
 To implement this exponential moving average strategy you will need to
 activate EMA 26 and set the color to orange, 55 and set the color to yellow,
 100, set the color to blue and the 200, setting the color to green on
 trading view. Then you wait for the crossover of the 55 and the 26 exponential
 moving averages and the subsequent fanning out. This strategy works best on the
 daily timeframe but it is also possible to use it on the 4 hour. Now let's have a
 look at a practical example. To add the 4 exponential moving average indicators
 on trading view simply click on indicators and search for EMA selecting
 the top result. Once activated you can then change the settings on each of the
 indicators and input the desired length. For this strategy we will be using the
 26, the 55, the 100 and the 200 EMA's. Under style we can change the color and
 also the thickness of the line. In this example we can see four pivotal crossings
 of the 26 and the 55 EMA's. The 26 EMA is the orange line and the 55 EMA is the
 yellow line. Here we can see that the 55 EMA crosses below the 26 EMA and then
 the two begin to spread or fan out. This would be the entry trigger for a long
 position. As the trend then develops we can see that the retracements to the 26
 EMA can be used as by the dip opportunities and provide further long
 entry positions. Here we have a deeper retracement to the 55 EMA also offering
 two very nice opportunities to buy the dip. It is also possible when following a
 trend to simply trail stop losses. As this strong uptrend begins to reverse we
 notice a second crossover on this daily timeframe. Here the 55 EMA in yellow
 crosses above the 26 EMA in orange and once they begin fanning out provides us
 a short entry signal. It can also give us a heads up to close any long positions
 that we had opened from below with trailing stop losses to maximize profits.
 The next crossover occurs then here where the 55 EMA crosses below the 26 EMA and
 the two begin to fan out giving us another long entry signal. Here we can
 observe that there is almost a bearish crossing of the two EMA's however it
 does not complete. This is why it is very important to wait for the two moving
 averages to begin fanning out. Here they begin to fan out once again and offer
 yet another long entry signal for more potential upside. The final EMA crossover
 on this chart occurs after the trend begins to reverse. Here we can see that
 once again the 55 EMA crosses above the 26 EMA and then the two begin to fan out
 giving us yet another short entry signal. If we turn on the 100 and 200 EMA's we
 can see that they also provide by the dip opportunities here on the 100 and
 also very nice support resistance flips for further entries. Here the 200 EMA is
 flipped to resistance and provides two nice short entry trade setups. Once the
 EMA's are flipped to support the 100 EMA and the 200 EMA provide a nice area of
 support for possible long entries. Here we can see that once they are flipped to
 resistance they also offer possibilities for short entries. Now let's go over some
 tips and tricks on how to best use the exponential moving average strategy. In a
 bullish uptrend you can buy the dip at the 55 100 and 200 EMA's. The invalidation
 or stop loss can be placed below the 200 EMA. We recommend that you use
 confluence and that you check market context to fine-tune your entries and
 take profit levels. Keep in mind that a trend can continue even with divergence
 is present. It is also possible to trail stop losses and simply wait for the
 crossover indicating a possible trend reversal. Ultimately we recommend that
 you use market structure for stop loss placement. Here is the take-home message
 for this module. The exponential moving average strategy is a simple strategy
 and it requires patience. It is important to wait for the 55 and 26 EMA
 crossover. We recommend that you use confluence to fine-tune your entries
 and take profit levels and that you use market structure for stop loss placement.
 It is also possible to trail your stop losses as you follow the trend. This
 concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next
 one. Happy learning and happy trading!
