 Hello and welcome to this strategies module. Today we're going to be covering the chart
 champions scalping strategy. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade
 disclaimer as the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is
 only for educational purposes. In this module we will cover the utility of the chart champions
 scalping strategy, how to correctly implement it, and then go over some examples and tips
 and tricks on how to best use it. The chart champions scalping strategy is an advanced
 scalping strategy. It involves taking multiple traits per day, following strict criteria,
 and targeting small gains repeatedly. With practice and full focus it can become a very
 profitable strategy. To correctly implement the chart champions scalping strategy you
 will need to activate the Bollinger Bands on Trading View. You will also need to activate
 the following exponential moving averages, the 8, the 12, and the 26. This strategy works
 best on the 3 to 5 minute time frame with high volatility. The core of the strategy revolves
 around candle closes outside of the Bollinger Bands. When price closes outside of the Bollinger
 Bands to the bottom you enter a long trade and target the EMA's 8, 12, and 26. When
 price closes outside of the Bollinger Bands to the top you enter a short trade, also targeting
 the EMA's 8, 12, and 26. The strategy usually offers 50 to 100 trades per day, generally
 lasting minutes. It is time and focus intensive and requires full concentration. When a 3
 minute candle closes outside of the Bollinger Bands, you can simply follow these steps.
 Step 1. Enter a limit order at the price of the candle close. Step 2. Set the standard
 stop loss to 1%, 0.5% or 0.2%, depending on the dollar range and volatility of the coin
 that you are trading. Step 3. Target the 8, 12, and 26 exponential moving averages and
 take 33% profit at each of these levels. Step 4. Once take profit 1 is it, you can move
 your stop loss to entry. Now let's have a look at a practical example. To activate the
 exponential moving averages in trading view, simply click on indicators and then type EMA
 in the search box, selecting the top result. To activate the Bollinger Bands, simply type
 BB in the search box and also select the top result. You will need 3 MAs for this strategy,
 the 8, the 12 and the 26. You can set the length of the indicator under inputs. Now let's
 have a look at a few possible trade opportunities using the chart champions scalping strategy.
 Here we can observe a candle close on the 3 minute time frame outside of the Bollinger
 Bands to the bottom. This is our trigger to enter a long trade at the price of the candle
 close and target the 3 EMA's. In this case, we take take profit 1, 2, and 3 successfully
 and close the trade. In this situation here, there is also a candle close outside of the
 Bollinger Bands, giving us yet another long entry trigger. This trade turns out to be
 a losing trade, as we do not reach any of the EMA's to take profit and get stopped
 out. However, we are then presented with yet another opportunity to enter a long trade,
 once again targeting our 3 EMA's. In this case, take profit 1 and take profit 2 are
 reached as we hit EMA 8 and EMA 12. The last EMA 26 is not reached until much later, and
 the trade is a successful trade. About an hour later, we have yet another opportunity
 to enter a trade following the criteria of this scalping strategy, in this case a short
 trade, as a candle closes outside of the Bollinger Bands to the top. Once again, we target our
 3 EMA's as take profit levels. This is another successful trade with all 3 take profit levels
 hit. Shortly after that, we have yet another opportunity to enter a trade, in this case
 a long trade, as the candle closes outside of the Bollinger Bands to the bottom. Take
 profit 1 is hit relatively quickly, and the rest of the trade is stopped out. By following
 the steps for the strategy, we can move our stop loss to break even or entry, when take
 profit 1 is hit. As price reverses, and the trade goes against us, the stop loss is hit,
 but the trade remains a winning trade. About an hour and a half later, we have yet another
 opportunity to enter a trade, as this candle closes outside of the Bollinger Bands to the
 top. In this case, it is a short entry trigger. And this turns out to be a losing trade, as
 we do not reach take profit 1. However, shortly after, we are presented with another opportunity
 to enter another short trade, and in this case, take profit 1 is reached before the rest of
 the trade is stopped out. Thus, it counts as a winning trade. Up here, we are presented
 once again with another opportunity to enter a short trade, as this candle clearly closes
 outside of the Bollinger Bands to the top. In this case, take profit 1, take profit 2,
 and a bit later, take profit 3 are hit, giving us a successful trade from beginning to end.
 Finally, we have another opportunity to enter a long trade, as this candle closes outside
 of the Bollinger Bands to the bottom. Take profit 1, 2, and 3 are all hit, thus producing
 yet another successful trade. Now, let's go over some tips and tricks. To increase your
 success rate with the chart champion scalping strategy, you can add complexity to the base
 strategy. You can use horizontal, support, and resistance levels, you can do an overall
 Elliot Wave count or simply look at the high time frame market structure, you can check
 the moving up and down percentages, crossings, and RSI alerts, as well as use Fibonacci levels
 for additional confluence. The chart champion scalping strategy is not a mechanical strategy,
 and not all closes outside of the Bollinger Bands are good setups. We recommend that you
 use a 1% fixed stop loss when there is high volatility. In low volatility settings, you
 can use a 0.2% stop loss when aiming for a 0.5% gain. If the stop loss is too large because
 of a long wick, for example, then the risk is not worth the small gain. It is easier to
 trade with the momentum of the larger trend, as these trades have better probabilities
 for success, and even follow through. To enter a counter trend position, we recommend
 that you wait for divergences to form. We recommend that you always place a stop loss
 in the order books. The chart champion scalping strategy requires
 quick thinking and execution, and you should only use it when you can devote full focus
 on concentration to your trading. We recommend that you always practice good risk management,
 and that you use confluence to increase the success chance of your trades.
 Here is the take-home message for this module. The chart champion's scalping strategy is
 an advanced and quick paced strategy. It is based on a combination of the Bollinger
 Bands and the exponential moving averages. By adding complexity with confluence, you
 can greatly increase the success rate of the strategy.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching, and I'll see you on the next
 one. Happy learning and happy trading!
