 Hello and welcome to this strategies module, today we're going to cover volume specifics.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer, as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of being aware of the volume and liquidity in
 a trading environment, how to correctly implement important volume statistics, and then go over
 some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use them.
 When trading it is important to recognize high and low liquidity environments, and then
 adapt the technical analysis and tools used to the specific volume environment.
 This makes trading easier by following the volume.
 To accurately recognize the liquidity and volume in a certain trading environment, we
 recommend that you use footprint statistics software such as exocharts and ATAS.
 We then recommend that you use a volume chart and that you activate the high-low and trade
 count statistic.
 The next step is to then observe the high-low statistic and volume candle size.
 Large high-low candles represent low liquidity, while many small high-low candles represent
 high liquidity.
 Generally, look to fade or counter trade low liquidity moves.
 When you use CVD divergences, it is best to do so in high liquidity environments.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example on exocharts.
 Here we have the Bybit BTC USD pair set to a 20 million volume chart with CVD activated,
 as well as open interest and some footprint bar statistics, including the high-low, time
 and trades count.
 You can add these statistics by clicking on the cogwheel here and then adding the row
 that you would like to have.
 Let's have a closer look at the volume candles from the move at this support level up to this
 resistance area.
 Initially, there are a couple of volume candles that are a bit larger than average.
 We can then observe that mostly the candles are compact, signaling higher liquidity.
 Also, we can see that open interest is accompanying this move.
 Starting here, we can observe that the volume candles become larger and open interest begins
 to decline.
 This signals that this last part of the move is in a low liquidity setting, and thus we
 would generally look to fade the move or counter trade it.
 This is of course heavily dependent on the confluence at this resistance area and of
 course the general market context.
 If we determine that this is indeed a good area for a possible short trade due to the
 high confluence and resistance that it represents, then once we see a low liquidity end of the
 move up to that resistance level, we can begin to consider a counter trade.
 As we can observe, price action reverses the last part of the upwards move with low liquidity
 and find support at the VWAP where the volume candles show higher liquidity as they are
 smaller and more compact.
 We can now then conclude that at this price level the liquidity is higher.
 We can then also observe that CVD is making a lower low compared to this area and yet
 price action is making a higher low, thus showing possible bullish CVD divergences and
 step one.
 It is important to be aware of the liquidity at certain price levels when observing possible
 CVD divergences forming as these divergences work best in high volume environments.
 By zooming in, we can then observe the exact values for the high low of each 20 million
 volume candle as well as the trades count within each of these candles.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 If price action breaks through a key level but the high low are larger than average, then
 the move is likely a fake out and we would look to fade the move or counter trade it.
 If price action reaches a key level and the high low of the candles are smaller than average
 while CVD breaks up or down depending on the direction of the move, this signifies that
 larger traders are absorbing the smaller market orders.
 When price moves quickly on a low trade count, it indicates that a high volume trader is
 participating in the move.
 We recommend that you follow the footprints of the larger traders and trade with the volume
 and join the move as it will make your trading easier.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 Volume candle size shows the liquidity in the current market environment.
 CVD divergences work best with high liquidity.
 In general, look to fade or counter trade low liquidity moves and follow the volume.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
