 Hello and welcome to this strategies module, today we're going to be covering the chart
 champions value setup.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer, as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of the CCB setup, how to correctly implement it,
 and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it.
 The CCB setup is a strong strategy in range bound environments, which is very useful since
 markets are ranging more often than they are trending.
 The setup has clear criteria and a high probability when the market context fits.
 Also, the CCB setup reinforces the power of range trading.
 In order to implement the CCB setup, you will need footprint statistics software such as
 exocharts or atas.
 Then the first step is to identify the daily open and the previous day value area.
 For the CCB setup, look for the daily open to be outside of the previous day value area.
 Once you identify that the daily open is outside the previous day value area, you can
 then check market context.
 Ideally, the price action of the previous day or days should be range bound.
 If this is the case, you can then wait for acceptance within the previous day value area.
 In other words, an attempt to re-enter the range successfully.
 You can use the rule of two consecutive 30 minute candle closes, ideally with an increase
 in volume within the previous day value area.
 Then you can enter a trade expecting a full rotation within the value area, for example,
 from the value area high to the value area low or from the value area low to the value
 area high, depending on which direction you are re-entering the range from.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example on exocharts.
 Here we have the BIBIT BTCUSD pair 15 minute chart and we can observe that the daily open
 is outside the previous day value area.
 The day begins here and price action moves down to the previous day value area high and
 initially this level holds a support.
 As the hours go by however, acceptance is gained inside the previous day value area and
 over the course of the following hours we have a full rotation through the value area
 all the way down to the previous day value area low, thus completing the CCV setup.
 In this case, we also have a very nice reaction at the previous day value area low which acts
 as a support level and we have yet another rotation through the entire range all the
 way to the previous day value area high where once again this level acts as a support resistance
 level.
 In this case, a level flipped from support to resistance to then offer a rejection once
 again within the value area.
 This example also shows how powerful and successful range trading can be by looking for short
 positions at the range high and long positions at the range low.
 Before entering a trade using the chart champions value setup, it is important to check market
 context.
 Does it make sense to enter the trade or is the market showing very conflicting information?
 In this case we can see that once price moves down from the daily open towards the previous
 day value area high, it also flips the volume weighted average price or VWAP to resistance
 which it cannot reclaim and ultimately begins to rotate fully within the previous day value
 area.
 By checking the market context and looking for confluence, you will be able to greatly
 increase the success rate of this setup.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 The chart champions value setup will not work every time and has an approximate 80% success
 rate.
 This is why it is very important that you always check market context before entering
 a trade using this setup.
 We recommend that you use other technical tools and market structure and then you find
 confluence to make your trade setup as highly probable as possible.
 The CCV setup can work on any asset with high volume.
 If price breaks out of a range, in this case the previous day value area and establishes
 a low volume range outside of it, this presents ideal conditions for the CCV setup.
 If however price breaks out of a range with large volume, the setup rules might fit but
 the market context does not.
 We recommend that you use this setup on the daily time frame, in other words using the
 previous day value area to look for an intraday trade setup.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 The chart champions value setup or 80% setup consists of reentering the previous day value
 area and expecting a full rotation within that range.
 Before you enter a trade using this setup, it is very important that you consider market
 context.
 The CCV setup works best in range bound environments.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
