 Hello and welcome to this strategies module. Today we're going to be covering
 the liquidation trading strategy. Please pause this video and take a moment to
 read this trade disclaimer as the information contained in this video is
 not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this module we
 will cover the utility of the liquidation trading strategy, how to correctly
 implement it and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to
 best use it. The liquidation trading strategy is a powerful scalping strategy.
 It provides clear targets, quick exits and even better entries. This strategy is
 especially strong and useful in high volume and volatile environments. To
 implement the liquidation trading strategy first you should watch for an
 area of consolidation at a pivotal level such as consolidation below
 resistance or consolidation above support. Then watch the volume on
 footprint software such as exochards or ATAS. For this strategy a high volume and
 volatility environment is preferred. Finally trade the liquidation week for a
 quick reversal. Here are four steps to follow when trading the liquidation
 trading strategy. Step one, find consolidation under resistance or above
 support. Step two, look for high volume around the consolidation low or high.
 Then you can use the bibit calculator to determine the liquidation price. Step
 three, look for a quick leverage flush or wake before a snapback reversal. Step
 four, confirm the liquidation bubbles using exochards. Now let's have a look at a
 practical example. Here we have the bibit BTC USD perpetual contract on the one
 minute time frame and we can observe that we are consolidating under this
 resistance level. Now we're going to have a look at these lows that are being held
 as support and then using the liquidation trading strategy to get a sniper entry
 upon the liquidation week of these lows. After completing step one finding
 consolidation under resistance we can now move on to step two which is
 attempting to find high volume around the consolidation low. Here we can see on
 exochards that we have some selling volume accumulated here at the lows on
 these weeks also on the one minute time frame and we form bullish CVD
 divergences. Now we can move over to bibit and use the calculator tool here on the
 top right to open this window and calculate the liquidation price of any
 100x overleveraged longs opening at those lows as support. We enter the price of
 45,760 and it shows us the liquidation price of 45,532. Now we can move on to
 step three and look for a quick leverage flush before a snapback reversal. In other
 words for all the longs that entered here with too much leverage to get
 liquidated in a quick move to the downside and then a fast reversal to the
 upside. We can mark the liquidation price that we calculated on bibit of
 45,532 so that we know where to place our entry order. This can be done either with
 a limit order or a market order as soon as price begins to turn around. As we
 can observe we get a very fast snapback reversal of about 0.5% from the
 liquidation level that we calculated from bibit giving us a very nice
 successful trade with the possibility of a quick take profit 1. If we leave the
 stop loss below the wake and allow the rest of the position to run we have very
 nice follow-through with a rotation all the way up to the resistance level. We can
 also check exochards as this move is happening and confirm that liquidations
 are taking place as we see the bubbles appear. Also we see a decrease in open
 interest. Now let's go over some tips and tricks on how to best use the liquidation
 trading strategy. You have two options to enter this trade. Option 1 preset
 limit orders slightly below the liquidation price to account for
 slippage depending on the volatility and volume between 0.2 to 0.5%. Option 2
 market order as soon as the price begins to turn around. The invalidation is
 always below the liquidation wake and this should be used on the 1 minute
 time frame. We recommend that your first take profit is relatively quick and soon
 and then that you move the stop loss to entry. The remainder of the position can
 continue as often liquidations offer reversal points in the chart. The ultimate
 target is subjective and it depends on context. We recommend that you be
 conservative and fast. By using footprint software such as exochards or ATAS you
 can add confidence to your trade. Here is the take-home message for this
 module. The liquidation trading strategy is a strategy based on
 liquidation wicks. The trades must be taken quickly. The entry and the
 invalidation are simple making this a powerful fast-based trading strategy.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the
 next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
