 Hello and welcome to this strategies module. Today we're going to be covering altcoin trading.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will be covering the utility of the altcoin trading strategy,
 how to correctly implement it and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best
 use it. By using this altcoin trading strategy you will understand why it is paramount to chart
 the altcoin BTC pair and then determine whether the altcoin can outperform BTC.
 You will be able to focus on fewer altcoins but trade them well. To correctly implement
 the altcoin trading strategy you will need to track and chart the altcoin BTC pair.
 Once this analysis is completed you can then move on to the altcoin USD or USDT pair.
 We recommend that you trade no more than five altcoins as you will need two charts per altcoin.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example. Here we have the link USDT pair on Bybit and we are on
 the weekly time frame. Let's have a look at what the asset did from the end of the week of January
 24th to the end of the week of March 21st. As we can observe over a period of 56 days
 the asset lost 5% and USD value. Now let's check what Bitcoin did in the same time period.
 For this we will use the BTC USD pair on Bybit also on the weekly time frame.
 Here we can see that from the end of the week of January 24th to the end of the week of the 21st
 of March over a period of 56 days Bitcoin had a price increase of approximately 24%.
 Now let's check the link BTC pair. For this we will use the chart on
 Binance also on the weekly time frame. Here we will mark once again the end of the week of January
 24th to the end of the week of March 21st and we can observe that in the same 56 day period
 link lost 23% compared to Bitcoin. In other words it underperformed Bitcoin by 23%. This shows
 that it is very important to check the altcoin BTC pair to see if it can outperform Bitcoin
 and produce higher USD returns. In this case we should focus on parts of the chart where
 support is found and the asset has a good chance of bouncing and outperforming Bitcoin
 for a longer time period. In these situations there is a possibility of producing higher USD
 returns than by trading Bitcoin long from here. Conversely when reaching strong areas of resistance
 on the altcoin BTC pair it is better to trade Bitcoin as it will outperform the altcoin
 for the following time period if there is a retracement. Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 It makes little sense to trade the altcoin USD or USDT pair without tracking
 the altcoin BTC pair. If the altcoin is not outperforming Bitcoin then it is just better to trade BTC
 instead. You can trade the altcoin USDT pair on Bybit but used the altcoin BTC analysis from the
 Binance chart. Here is the take-home message for this module. The altcoin BTC pair is a must
 to chart when trading altcoins as it will allow you to determine whether the altcoin can outperform
 Bitcoin and produce higher USD returns. We recommend that you trade less altcoins
 a maximum of 5 but that you trade altcoins better.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading!
