 Hello and welcome to this strategies module. Today, we're going to be covering the all-time high trading strategy.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer.
 As the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module, we will cover the utility of the all-time high trading strategy,
 how to correctly implement it, and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it.
 By using the all-time high trading strategy, you will be able to maximize profits by letting your winning trades run.
 You will also be able to establish reliable price targets to take profits.
 Also, you will avoid losing money by prematurely trying to short an all-time high.
 To implement the all-time high trading strategy, you will be using a manual trailing stop-loss technique
 by using market structure and setting your stop-loss to higher lows back.
 Then, implement Fibonacci expansion, negative and extension-level targets to take profits.
 We recommend that you do not look for swing short trades in an asset at an all-time high breakout mode.
 Now, let's have a look at a practical example. Here, we have Apple as one of the largest stocks in the world on the weekly time frame.
 As we can observe, this asset continues to push for new highs over the years.
 Thus, we can implement on a long-term time frame the all-time high breakout strategy mode.
 Once we have entered a long position, we can then begin to manually trail our stop-losses.
 As soon as a new higher high is made, we can then set our stop-loss to higher lows back, in this case, for example, here.
 The asset continues to move up in price and eventually retraces, but does not lose market structure, and once again becomes very impulsive.
 When it takes the new highs, we can then once again move our stop-loss up and keep a safe distance from the current price.
 In this fashion, we can continue to accompany the asset as it explores undiscovered price territory and continues to make new all-time highs.
 Then, we can use our Fibonacci negative extension and expansion tools to determine possible price targets.
 For example, by pulling a Fibonacci retracement from this low to this high, we can see that price retraces perfectly to the 618,
 and then has a very nice reaction and bounce, and then makes new all-time highs.
 If we turn on our negative Fibonacci levels, we see that the negative 236 provides a slight reaction here, the negative 618, yet another nice price target,
 and finally, the negative one, another wonderful price target for our long trade from here.
 We can also use the Fibonacci extension tool, for example, from this pivot to this pivot, and then extend it from this pivot
 to establish the one-to-one, the one-six-one-eight, and the one-to-two extension levels.
 As you can see, also very nice price target levels with a retracement.
 Finally, we can use the Fibonacci expansion levels, for example, by pulling a Fibonacci retracement from this high to this low,
 and after seeing initial local resistance at the 618, using then the expansion levels as soon as we go external from the initial pull.
 Once again, the 1.618 and the 2.618 offer us very nice take-profit levels.
 We recommend that you use these tools together to establish confluence.
 For example, here we can see that the negative one, the 1.618 extension, and the 2.618 expansion line up perfectly to give us a very strong take-profit level.
 We can also observe that after this level was reached, we had a nice rejection and a following consolidation range before making new all-time highs.
 Now, let's go over some tips and tricks.
 The manual trailing stop loss technique is the preferred strategy for all-time high moves.
 The timeframes can be adjusted, and they depend on your trade goal, swing trade, or day trade.
 The 4-hour timeframe is suitable for most people, especially in the stock market.
 For day trading, we recommend that you use the 15-minute timeframe.
 The Fibonacci extension levels can be used extremely well with Elliot waves.
 For example, a target for a wave 3 impulse is at the 1.618 Fibonacci extension.
 The confluence of Fibonacci expansion, negative, and extension levels is very strong.
 When price hits such a Fibonacci level, a possible day trade range can form.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 Using the trailing stop loss technique means that you let your winning trades run, and thus can maximize profits.
 Fibonacci offers targets for taking profits, attempting to swing trade short an all-time high is not recommended.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching, and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading!
