Daily Trading Routine
 Hello and welcome to this basics module. Today, we're going to be covering the daily trading
 routine. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer. As
 the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational
 purposes. In this module, we will cover the utility of having a daily trading routine,
 how to correctly implement it and then go over some tips and tricks on how to best use it.
 By developing a daily trading routine, you can be prepared for the day ahead, as if you
 don't have a plan, your plan is to fail. You should know the trade before you see it.
 Being a daily routine will also allow you to avoid fear of missing out and avoid making
 emotional decisions. And you can focus only on the pre-plan trades with calculated risk
 in advance. To begin implementing your daily routine, we recommend that you take the following
 first steps. First, mark out key levels. For example,
 horizontal, support resistance levels, high volume nodes and naked points of control.
 You should plan all possible trade setups, both bullish and bearish. Then you take the
 trade that comes to you and you only enter the trade if the criteria for the trade setup
 are met. Market context is extremely important as a part of your daily routine. You should
 determine the market context every morning, as it provides a base understanding and structure
 for the trading day ahead. Then you can also review new data since your last market context
 check. An important aspect of market context is the trend direction. You should determine
 the trend direction to see if price action is going sideways or is up or down trending.
 You can use the 15 minute to 1 hour time frame for day trading and the daily time frame for
 the high time frame trend. Your trading approach changes in trending
 versus ranging days. As for example, on an uptrend day, you can aggressively buy the
 dip in trail stop losses, versus trading only the edges of the range on a sideways day.
 Private waves can be very helpful to provide further market context. For this, you should
 take a look at a high time frame alien wave count. For example, in a wave 3 impulse, it
 is possible to aggressively buy the dip, compound the trade and trail stop losses. However,
 in a corrective triangle, for example, you should look for ranges, take profits regularly
 and only take the best trade entries at the edges of the range.
 Another important aspect to determine market context are CVD divergences. The cumulative
 volume delta divergences can provide context of what the larger traders are doing and you
 can check on the 15 minute and 1 hour time frames. You should ask the question, where
 is price trying to go and is it doing a good job getting there? Then you should check are
 larger traders causing absorption, as this can help you create bias for the day.
 As part of your daily trading routine, it is important to be aware and make a note of
 important levels. These are the Fibonacci Champions channel or 618266 retracement, both globally
 and locally. Also, the VWAP volume weighted average price for the session, anchored VWAPs
 and possibly the weekly VWAP. Also, points of control for the daily, weekly and monthly
 time frames for the session, based on time and naked points of control. Further important
 levels to be aware of are the value area high and value area low, both globally and locally.
 Also the daily open and the previous day, week and month, open high, low and close levels.
 Also the 4 hour EMAs, specifically the 55 and the 200, can be used even though this method
 is inferior and obsolete. The next step in your daily trading routine is to determine
 key horizontal levels. These are very strong levels with the highest confluence. If broken
 or claimed, you can expect a support resistance flip. It is also highly likely that a trade
 will be taken at this level. The next step in your daily trading routine is to check the
 volume information. One, open interest. Has it changed compared to the previous day?
 Two, daily volume and delta for the previous day. Three, funding. Is it bullish or bearish?
 You can record statistics. Is open interest increasing over several days or perhaps decreasing?
 Is volume also increasing or decreasing over several days? What about delta and how is the
 funding evolving? Finally, to complete your daily trading routine, you can make a note
 of key opens and general notes for the trading day. You can make a note of the daily, weekly
 and monthly opens. Then you can decide which asset are you trading today.
 The key notes can involve expectations for the day ahead. Now let's go over some tips
 and tricks. We strongly recommend that you make a daily trading sheet for yourself. Here,
 you should make a note of all the key reference levels. This will allow you to be prepared
 for the trade setups before they become visible. You will be aware of the key levels and then
 you can observe the market context as these levels are approached.
 Here is an example of a daily trading sheet. As you can see, it includes many levels corresponding
 to today's price action and also more global levels, which will probably not be visited
 on the specific day. Nevertheless, it is good to be aware of the high time frame situation.
 You can use this as an orientation and we encourage you to create your own daily trading
 sheet with the levels that you prefer and that you use the most for your trade setups.
 Coming about 30 minutes to prepare every morning provides you with an edge over the competition.
 You will know exactly what you are doing long or short before the trading day has even begun.
 When the alert goes off at the key level, you can then review the situation with order
 flow and decide within one to five minutes whether you can take a trade or not.
 Here is the take-home message for this module. With your daily trading routine, you will
 be able to plan your trades and have an edge over the competition.
 Be ready to trade when the alert goes off and most importantly, you will understand the
 trade before it even appears.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next
 one. Happy learning and happy trading.
