 Hello and welcome to this TPO series module.
 Today, we're going to be covering Introduction to Time Price Opportunity.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer, as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module, we will cover the utility of TPO or Time Price Opportunity Charts, how
 to correctly implement them as well as some background information, and then go over some
 examples and tips and tricks on how to best use them.
 A TPO chart is a unique way of organizing market data.
 It is extremely useful to determine the difference between time, price, and volume, offering
 a great advantage when reading market movements.
 It is useful for scalp, day, and swing trading.
 In order to use TPO charts, you will need specialized software such as exocharts or ATAS.
 We recommend that you use the standard 30 minute time frame and a tick size of 50.
 You will be able to analyze time, price, and volume together to then make an informed
 trading decision.
 Now let's go over some important background information.
 Each letter in the TPO profile represents a 30 minute candle or column.
 48 letters are used, capital A to capital X to cover the first 12 hours of the day, and
 then lower case A to lower case X to cover the last 12 hours of the day.
 The TPO chart shows value areas and points of control, both time and volume based.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example.
 Here we have the specialized software exocharts web.
 This is a daily session TPO template available on the chart champions website, and it is
 set to 30 minutes with tick size 50 on the Bybit BTC USD pair.
 Now let's dissect the components of this TPO chart.
 On the left here we can see the time price opportunity or TPO profile with a value area
 high, value area low, and a time based point of control.
 Here in the middle we see the volume profile, in this case set to show delta at each horizontal
 level.
 The largest horizontal bar on this profile with a slight pink color is the volume based
 point of control.
 The difference between the time and volume based point of control is important to note,
 as large discrepancies might give a heads up to possible future market movements.
 The third main component of the TPO chart is price.
 In this template shown with grey candles that represent the price movement during the session.
 We can also observe that the TPO profile itself contains many different letters seemingly
 out of order.
 This is due to the fact that this is the compressed view of the TPO profile.
 It is however possible to expand the profile as well as the text to then follow the 30
 minute columns with the evolving price action, as we can observe the letters change as we
 change columns and they are in order, also following the price movement itself.
 In order to get the most out of TPO charts, it is important to understand concepts in
 auctioning and ranging theory.
 The market moves from range to range, switching between balance and imbalance.
 Their value in the range is considered balance, where sellers appear at the highs of the range
 along with a lack of aggressive buyers.
 On the opposite side, buyers appear at the lows of the range and there is a lack of aggressive
 sellers.
 When a range breaks with an increase in volume, it is considered a state of imbalance.
 The market will then auction higher or lower until price is considered overvalued or undervalued
 depending on the direction of the break.
 Then a new trading range is created where once again balance is established.
 Market participants will attempt to buy or sell at what is perceived to be good value.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 It is key to see acceptance between time, volume and price.
 The TPO chart helps to trade in a defined range and recognize when price is breaking
 balance and leaving the range.
 A lot of time spent at a level without volume is considered weak, as there is no acceptance.
 Even though TPO in itself is not a strategy, it is possible to create trading strategies
 involving TPO and volume profiles.
 A great example are the eager sessions and time.
 These will be covered in a separate module.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 The TPO or Time Price Opportunity chart is set at 30 minute intervals with 48 letters
 to help organize the available market data.
 TPO charts are very helpful to decipher between balance and imbalance in the market.
 You can use time, price and volume to then make an informed trading decision.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading!
