 Hello and welcome to this TPO series module. Today we're gonna be covering
 balances and the six rules. Please pause this video and take a moment to
 read this trade disclaimer as the information contained in this video is
 not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this module we
 will cover the utility of understanding balances as well as using the six rules,
 how to correctly implement them and then go over some examples and tips and
 tricks on how to best use them. By being able to distinguish between market
 balance and imbalance you will be able to adjust your trading approach which is
 different for each of the market situations. Then you will also understand
 the importance of well-respected parallel channels and naked points of
 control. You will also be able to use the six rules to assist in making trading
 decisions. In order to interpret market balance and imbalance you will need
 specialized software such as exochards or ATAS and apply the provided TPO
 templates on the chart champions website. You will then be able to define where
 the balance or the range is determined by the value areas and the point of
 control both time and volume-based. Then you should determine acceptance or
 rejection in form of for example a swing failure pattern above and below
 balance and combine this information with volume analysis. Now let's have a
 look at a practical example. Using the standard TPO template provided on the
 chart champions website you will be able to determine where the value area high
 and the value area low for the trading session are found as well as the point
 of control. It is also possible to go to TPO settings and change the setting for
 the calculation of the value areas and the point of control so that you can
 switch between time-based calculation and volume-based calculation and make
 notes of any significant discrepancies. Ideally they should be the same. On a
 trending day there is an imbalance between aggressive buyers and aggressive
 sellers in form of market orders. The aggressive volume is increasing with
 each imbalance wave. Pair value then moves up with the direction of the
 trend. In other words the value area follows the imbalanced move. Now let's
 have a look at a practical example of a trending day. Here we have the standard
 TPO template provided on the chart champions website. This is the BTC/USD
 pair on Bybit. Here we can observe that at the beginning of the trading session
 price is initially staying stable and within the value area of the previous day.
 Then an impulsive move breaks the balance and moves into an imbalanced
 situation leaving behind a big row of inefficiencies or single prints. Price
 continues trending upwards in imbalanced mode as market long orders which are
 the aggressive market participants continue to push price higher and higher.
 Finally an old balance area or range is found where market participants agree
 that this is the new fair value for the asset. End the trending day moves into
 a more balanced state. So the imbalanced move changes to balance and price is
 once again contained within the value area high and the value area low for
 the remainder of the trading session. On a balanced day price remains range
 bound in the value area or at fair value. The tests of the value area high and
 value area low fail and it is possible to counter trade these weak attempts that
 can result in swing failure patterns or failed auctions outside of the value
 area. If however there is an increase in volume and open interest on these
 attempts it is recommended to not take a trade right away and wait. It is also
 possible to follow the momentum of that attempt with a previous entry from the
 opposite side of the value area. Now let's have a look at a practical example of a
 balanced day using the same TPO template. Here we can observe that price action
 remains range bound between the value area high and the value area low for the
 entirety of the trading session. The attempt to break balance and go into
 imbalance at the value area high here fails. Shortly after the attempt to break
 to the downside through the value area low and go into imbalance also fails and
 we remain range bound. It is thus possible using a combination of TPO and
 order flow analysis to counter trend or fade these attempts at the edges of the
 value areas. Now let's go over six very important rules that can assist you in
 making a trading decisions in balanced and imbalanced market situations. Rule
 number one if price gains acceptance into an old balance or range it is likely to
 retest the other side of the balance. For example if it falls below the value
 area high it rotates to the value area low and vice versa. Rule number two
 price inside a balance or range is expected to reject from the value area
 high and bounce from the value area low and remain range bound. Rule number three
 when price moves from balance to imbalance it will generally move into an old
 balance or range. This is the reason why you should not delete a well respected
 channel. Rule number four if price rejects from an old range point of
 control rule number one can be invalidated and price will then return to the
 previous balanced area. This is the reason for marking naked points of
 control. Rule number five if time delta and open interest build at the value
 area high or value area low of a balanced profile or range it is likely going to
 break through. In this situation market context is key. Rule number six on the
 first attempt to break balance without an increase in delta and open interest it
 is possible to look to fade or counter trade the move such as in the situation
 of a swing failure pattern. Now let's have a look at a visual example of the six
 rules. Here we have a two value areas marked with the fixed range tool showing
 us a value area high a point of control and a value area low. For rule number one
 let's assume that price action makes its way to the value area high of this range
 and gains acceptance below the value area high. In that case it is very likely to
 travel through the range and reach the opposite side or the value area low. For
 rule number two we would then expect for price to remain in this new balance and
 travel from the value area high to the value area low and vice versa. Now upon
 the following rotation to the lows of the range we notice at the value area low
 that there is a buildup in open interest and delta. We then look at the macro
 market context and realize we came from a downtrend into this range from an
 imbalance to a balance market situation and now something seems to be changing
 and this balance is likely to break through. At this point we can make use of
 rule number three and expect that in the case of a breakdown from this value
 area low of support that price will find new balance within an older range or an
 old balance area. Let's assume for the purposes of this example that this
 begins to happen but price rejects from the point of control instead of traveling
 to the value area low. In this case rule number four is then activated and the
 rejection brings us back to the former range here. Finally we can use rule
 number six to judge the strength of a first attempt to break balance. In this
 case let's say here for this range. If we see that the attempt is without an
 increase in delta and open interest we can look to fade the move and trade a
 possible swing failure pattern of the previous size for a full rotation to the
 lows of the range. Now let's go over some tips and tricks. It is key to analyze
 the TPO chart together with footprint statistics and order flow. You always
 have three trade options long short or no trade. We recommend that you attempt to
 trade with a high volume and not with the specific transaction amounts. Here is
 the take-home message for this module. The TPO profiles can help you distinguish
 between market balance and imbalance and adjust your trading approach accordingly.
 You should also note well-respected ranges for example in forms of parallel
 channels and naked points of control. We recommend that you combine TPO and
 order flow. The six rules are there to assist you with trading decisions. This
 concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next
 one. Happy learning and happy trading.
