 Hello and welcome to this TPO series module. Today we're going to be covering day types.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer, as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of understanding and differentiating between
 the six different day types, how to correctly implement them, and then go over some examples
 and tips and tricks on how to best use them. By understanding and knowing the six different
 day types you will be able to plan the trading day ahead and be on the right side of the
 market. You can also apply the previous day type and the initial balance of the current
 session as context. This will allow you to start the trading day one step ahead of the competition.
 In order to implement the different day types you will need specialized software such as
 exochards or ATAS. Then you will be able to load the standard TPO template from the chart
 champions website which shows the daily session. It is also possible to compare the current day
 type with the previous day or days type and add the information from the initial balance
 of the current session to plan the day ahead. A normal day typically has a very wide initial
 balance as a larger trader or traders enter upon the market open. Generally this results in a
 balanced day. This is typically seen in the stock market and less often in the crypto markets.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example of a normal day. Here we have the standard TPO
 template from the chart champions website on exochards web. It is set to the BIBIT BTC USD pair.
 As we can observe the initial balance highlighted by this blue line here is relatively wide. End price
 remains range bound for the rest of the session between the value area high and the value area low.
 This type of day is typical for the stock market and not so typical for the crypto market.
 The price action candles look like this as we can observe a range bound environment.
 The normal day variation type usually has a smaller initial balance followed by range extension or price
 expansion within the first six hours of the trading session equivalent to Igor session 1.
 The price advance is then stopped by the Igor session 2 or the London stock market open.
 This TPO profile can look like the letter P or like the letter B. Now let's have a look
 at a practical example of a normal variation day. Typically for this day type the initial
 balance is smaller. Then there is an expansion in price that is contained within the first six
 hours of the trading session equivalent to Igor time session 1. Once the second Igor time session
 begins or the London session price is then stopped and it remains range bound for the remainder of
 the trading session. If we turn on the price candles we can observe that the price advanced was stopped
 here and entered into a balance state remaining range bound until the daily trading session was over.
 A neutral day type typically has the initial balance in the middle of the range. The first attempt to
 break through the range highs fails and price rejects back into the range. The first attempt to
 break through the lows of the range also fails and price reverses back into the range as well.
 This is best if buying tails and selling tails are formed. Now let's have a look at a practical
 example of a neutral day. Typically the initial balance for the neutral day is right in the middle
 of the value area or the range. The first attempt to break the range highs fails and price rejects
 and comes back into the range. Also the first attempt to break the lows of the range also fails
 and price also rejects and comes back into the range. This is best if selling tails and buying
 tails are created. If we turn on the price action candles we can observe that price initially tried
 to break out towards the upside and rejected coming back into the range. A few hours later
 there was an attempt to go for the lows of the range which also failed and price came back right
 into the range, remaining range bound for the rest of the trading session. A neutral day also
 offers a high probability for range bound price action the following day. Let's see what happened
 the following day. As we can observe price remained also range bound within the value area and any
 attempts to leave the value area failed and were rejected also with a selling tail and a buying tail.
 These provide very nice possible entries for longs at the lower of the range and shorts at the top
 of the range. The neutral day variation type is similar to a neutral day but the session close
 is at the high or low of the day. This can provide a clue to the possible momentum for the following day.
 This type of day is very useful for the stock market where scalp traits can be taking at the
 next day market open based on this information. This is generally not recommended for the crypto
 markets. Now let's have a look at a practical example of a neutral day variation. As we can observe
 the profile is very similar to a neutral day. However, there is one key difference. The close
 of the session is at the highs of the profile. It can also be at the lows of the profile.
 This information can give you a heads up on the possible momentum for the following day.
 This type of profile is very useful for the stock market as it can offer nice scalp traits
 when the following session opens. The trend day type is characterized by a strong one-directional
 move with increases in volume, delta and open interest. Price action leaves rows of single prints
 and one time framing occurs, which is when each previous candle high or low is not broken,
 for example on the 5 minute time frame. Counter trading the impulse is not recommended
 as this impulsive move can push through the strongest confluence levels.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example of a trending day. We're going to pick up where we
 left off with the previous example, where we had a neutral day variation with a close of the session
 at the highs. This supposedly can give us a heads up on how the following day might develop,
 possibly with momentum to the upside in this case. As we can observe, this is what happened the
 following day, as we had a strong one-directional move with increases in volume, delta and open
 interest, leaving behind rows of single prints and breaking balance to find a new range higher up.
 On such trending days, we recommend that you do not attempt to fade or counter trade the impulsive
 move. It is better to remain patient, as these moves, especially if they are on increasing volume
 delta and open interest, can slice through every resistance or support level that you might have
 mapped out. The final day type is the double distribution day type. It contains two neutral day
 profiles separated by one large column of single prints. It is one single impulse
 separating the two balances or ranges, whereas the trending day contains multiple impulses,
 leaving multiple rows of single prints. There is a trading strategy involving double distribution
 days covered in a separate module. Now let's have a look at a practical example of a double
 distribution day. This type of day shows two neutral day profiles separated by a big row or
 column of single prints. The difference between a double distribution and a trending day is that
 the double distribution day only has one column separating the two profiles. A trending day will
 have multiple impulses with several rows of single prints being created. If we turn on the price
 action candles, we can observe that we spend a few hours creating this first profile and then
 a very impulsive moved followed, creating this big row or column of single prints. After that,
 price found a balance in a new region and ultimately failed to break further down
 and came back into the balance of the entire session. Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 The neutral day type offers the perfect range bound environment. There is a high probability
 of range continuation the following day. The neutral day type occurs often in the crypto market.
 When trading a trending market, we recommend that you trade with the direction of the trend.
 When trading a range bound market, we recommend that you look for shorts at the highs and lungs
 at the lows of the range. When a range is broken with increasing volume, open interest and delta,
 the impulse can turn into a trend and thus we recommend that you do not fade or counter trade
 the impulse. Here is the take-home message for this module. Recognizing which of the six day types
 is forming will help you be on the right side of the market. You can use the previous day type
 and the initial balance of the current session as context for the coming day.
 This will allow you to be one step ahead of the competition and help you increase your win rate.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
