 Hello, and welcome to this TPO series module.
 Today we're going to be covering the CC TPO template.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer,
 as the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of the chart champions TPO template,
 how to correctly implement it, and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it.
 The CC TPO template is an all-in-one template that makes the relevant data easily accessible.
 It includes TPO, a volume profile, and price candles.
 This template empowers you to be able to find better trade setups.
 In order to use the chart champions TPO template, you will need specialized software.
 In this case, ExoCharts web.
 Then simply load the standard CC TPO template,
 and we recommend that you leave the default template settings,
 as changing tick size will for example change the value area and POC calculations.
 At the top of the TPO profile, you will find several daily statistics listed.
 One of them is A/B TPO, for example listed as 30%/70%.
 This shows the time spent above or below the point of control.
 This is helpful when comparing with the volume point of control.
 Right below the A/B TPO statistic, you will see the A/B VOL for volume statistic, for example listed as 100 million/243 million.
 This shows the volume above or below the point of control for that daily session.
 It is helpful when comparing with that time point of control.
 It is important to note that these values will change depending on whether ExoCharts is basing the calculations on time or volume.
 This will be explained later.
 Additional statistics shown above the profiles are total delta as D, for example 11 million,
 which shows the total delta for the daily session.
 Above the volume profile, you will see a V for volume, for example 390 million,
 which shows the total volume for the daily session as well.
 You will also see the initial balance high listed as I/B H, for example 23,000 as a price level,
 and the initial balance low listed as I/B L, for example 22,500, also listed as a price level.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example of the chart champions TPO template.
 As mentioned, this is ExoCharts web.
 At the top of the TPO profile here, you can see that A/B TPO, A/B volume, delta, and rotation factor are listed.
 Above the volume profile, you can see that we have initial balance high, initial balance low,
 ACR for average candle range, and volume listed for that daily session.
 For the purposes of this video and for clarity, the price candles have been turned off.
 It is however possible to turn them on here by clicking on Mono Candle.
 This is what the standard template setting will look like.
 The Average Candle Range, or ACR, is listed above the volume profile on the right,
 and it shows the average candle size in the current daily session.
 This information can be used like the average true range.
 It is useful for multi-day ranges.
 By merging the profiles of these days, it is possible to get the ACR for all of the profile.
 If then, upon breakout or breakdown of the range, you observe an increasing candle size,
 you can add this information to the order flow reading of open interest, volume, and delta.
 The rotation factor statistic is listed above the TPO profile.
 It is the running tally for the daily session, where each 30-minute column is given a score of +1, 0, or -1.
 It shows the direction of the attempted price move.
 A high positive rotation factor is generally bullish.
 The daily TPO statistics column is on the left of the TPO profile.
 It shows the number of TPO blocks, the total volume, and the total delta horizontally.
 It is helpful to then use high volume and delta transaction levels, which can provide a price rejection when reached,
 for example, for a scalp trade possibility.
 Now, let's have a look at a practical example of the daily TPO statistics column.
 Here, to the left of the TPO profile, you have these statistics, showing you the number of TPO blocks,
 the total volume, and the delta horizontally for each row.
 You can then use this information when price revisits these levels to perhaps expect a possible rejection or reaction.
 An additional feature of the Chart Champions TPO template is the TPO session open and close.
 This shows as a little arrow next to the open and close of the daily session as well as a highlighted block.
 Also, you can double-click the daily TPO profile to merge or expand profiles.
 Profile merging will be covered in detail in a separate module.
 Now, let's have a look at a practical example of the open and close feature.
 Here, you can observe that there's a small arrow pointing to this highlighted block.
 This is the beginning of this daily session.
 Here, we can see a small arrow pointing to another highlighted block with a letter X.
 It is also possible to double-click on the TPO profile to then merge it with other profiles.
 If we zoom out, for example, we can merge this profile with the one that we were looking at by clicking on Merge.
 Now, both days are combined into one larger profile showing us the same information but averaged out for both daily sessions.
 Another feature on the template are the TPO letters in heat map colors.
 The heat map is split into four zones of 12.
 The first zone is red, the second one yellow, the third one green and the fourth one blue.
 This is a nice feature that functions as a visual aid to see where price has spent the most time,
 in which case the letters will show darker.
 Where price spent less time, the letters will show as lighter.
 In order to see this, you must disable the value area setting.
 Now, let's have a look at a practical example of the TPO heat map feature.
 First, we will deactivate the value area setting on the left here,
 so that the value area is no longer highlighted in our profiles.
 Next, we will expand the TPO profile so that we can see the clusters and text following the price action for that daily session.
 As we can observe, the lighter tone of the letters implies more time spent.
 The darker tone implies less time spent.
 We can also observe that the letters begin with a red section that transitions into yellow followed by green and ending with blue.
 One of the most powerful features of the template is the volume profile, which is at the right of the TPO profile.
 It is helpful to see the points of control and compare them to each other, time versus volume.
 You can also zoom in to the volume profile to see volume percent, or your preferred setting, and delta color,
 with blue being positive delta and red being negative delta.
 Now, let's have a look at a practical example of the volume profile.
 The volume profile is here to the right of the TPO profile.
 As you can observe, it shows each level horizontally with different colors.
 This represents the delta, with blue being positive delta and red negative delta.
 You can also observe that there is one bar in pink.
 That is the volume point of control.
 The numbers shown inside of the volume profile, in this case, are delta.
 It is possible, however, to change this on TPO settings, volume profile, and add the statistic that you would like to see,
 for example, volume percent.
 As you can see, the numbers inside have now changed.
 Additionally, if you go to POC VA, you can use volume for value area and POC calculation by checking this box here.
 As you can see, the value area changes slightly, and so does the point of control.
 In this case, they are nearly identical.
 Sometimes, however, the difference can be quite large, which in itself can provide another trading strategy advantage.
 Now, let's go over some tips and tricks.
 Point of control and value area calculations will depend on the setting of the checkbox, use volume for value area POC calculation.
 If the checkbox is activated, it will use volume.
 If it is not activated, it will use time.
 We recommend that you use the 30 minute time frame and tick size 50 with this template.
 Changing these settings will also change the value area and point of control calculations.
 If you see many negative rotation factor days during sideways price action,
 then price is doing a bad job attempting to go lower.
 It is then likely that the market will rally upwards.
 The clear advantage of having the volume and TPO profiles next to each other is that it is easy to see discrepancies between them.
 Time versus volume discrepancies can provide crucial information, as it is then possible to fade or counter trade a move.
 A detailed description is covered in a separate module.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 The chart champions TPO template for Exochard's web allows you to easily view relevant daily statistics.
 You will be able to compare time versus volume on one screen.
 Then you can use this information to significantly increase the probabilities of your trade setups.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading!
