 Hello and welcome to this TPO series module. Today we're going to be covering single prints.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer, as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of single prints, buying tails and selling
 tails, how to correctly identify and implement them and then go over some examples and tips
 and tricks on how to best use them. Single prints are very useful as possible support
 or resistance levels. Buying and selling tails help to determine good highs and good lows.
 These can increase the probabilities of your trade setups.
 To easily identify single prints, buying tails and selling tails, we recommend that you use
 specialized software such as ExoCharts or ATAS. On ExoCharts web you can simply load
 the standard CCTBO template. The single prints, buying tails and selling
 tails will be marked automatically. Single prints are simply inefficiencies in
 price action. Three single rows are needed to officially create a single print, buying
 tail or selling tail. However, we recommend that you look to trade single prints, buying
 tails and selling tails that have at least 5 rows. They can be traded like a gap in the
 stock market or the CME Bitcoin futures. Now let's have a look at a practical example
 on ExoCharts web using the chart champion's TPO template. Here we have a daily session
 with its TPO profile and the corresponding volume profile as well as the price action
 candles. As we can observe, there was an impulsive move in price that left a row of single prints.
 In this case, 5 rows with the starting and end value also automatically listed. We can
 also see that there is a buying tail at the bottom of this daily profile with 6 rows.
 If price is trading above a row of single prints, we expect the top of the single print
 to act as support. If price is trading below a row of single prints, we expect the bottom
 of the single print to act as resistance. If however, price gains acceptance into the
 single print area, we expect it to be filled, much like a gap. Now let's follow up on the
 previous example. Here we have the row of single prints that was created on an impulsive
 move up in price. On the following 30 minute candle, we can see it back tested as support
 on the top. A few hours later, it is once again back tested as support and it remains
 support for the rest of the daily trading session.
 If we have a look at the following daily session, we can observe that the single print no longer
 acts as support at the top and is completely filled. Specifically on this candle, the support
 comes from the bottom of the single print as price travels through it fully. Buying and
 selling tails are like a single print, but at the high or low of the TPO profile. They
 show evidence of a larger trader entering the market and causing a price reversal. They
 also indicate that the high or low is good. Going back to our original example, we can
 observe that we have a buying tail at the bottom of our profile. This occurred as price
 went down here and a larger trader or group of traders entered the market and caused a
 price reversal. This left a buying tail of 6 rows in size. This qualifies as a good low.
 If we look at the top of the TPO profile, we see that there is no selling tail. This
 qualifies as a poor high. A poor high or a poor low is simply a pivot high or low without
 a selling tail or buying tail respectively. We can expect continuation in the direction
 of the poor high or low. Alternatively, we can also expect a swing failure pattern to
 go beyond the poor high or low and create a selling tail or buying tail. In other words,
 cleaning up the poor high or poor low. Summarizing our previous example, we have a buying tail
 at the bottom of our TPO profile and we do not have a selling tail at the top. This means
 we have a good low but a poor high as the high was not aggressively defended. Let's see
 what happened the next day. As we can observe, price continued higher, took out the previous
 poor highs and a selling tail was created as this time a larger trader or group of traders
 entered the market and reversed price back down to the range. This now qualifies as
 a good high. It is important to use these characteristics of the TPO profile together
 with confluence and market context. In this initial daily session, we see that there
 is an impulsive move up during the session, leaving a row of single prints or inefficiencies.
 With the good low and a poor high, thus we can expect this momentum that was also seen
 the previous session to continue upwards and for these highs to be either taken out through
 a swing failure pattern, as was the case the following day, or further continuation to
 the upside. Now let's go over some tips and tricks. We recommend that you always check
 the volume, delta and open interest inside a buying tail or selling tail. It is best
 to see an increase in these parameters as it indicates many trap traders. If however,
 the buying tail or selling tail is formed on low volume, low delta and no increase in
 open interest, then we do not recommend to trade it. One notable exception would be
 a major pivot high or low. Here is the take-home message for this module. With this knowledge,
 you can now look for rejection or acceptance into an area of single prints and treat them
 like a gap that is filled or as support or resistance levels. You can now identify poor
 highs and lows and compare them to good highs and lows that have buying tails or selling
 tails. With this, you can recognize strength or weakness early on to increase the probabilities
 of your trade setups. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see
 you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading.
