 Hello and welcome to this TPO series module. Today we're going to be covering
 ledges and the double distribution setup. Please pause this video and take a
 moment to read this trade disclaimer. As the information contained in this
 video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this
 module we will cover the utility of ledges and the double distribution setup.
 How to correctly implement them and then go over some examples and tips and
 tricks on how to best use them. Ledges can be very useful as intraday support or
 resistance levels. Gaining acceptance into the corresponding single print block
 activates a double distribution setup. You can use this to establish or adjust a
 trade setup accordingly ahead of time. In order to view ledges and double
 distribution setups you will need specialized software such as exochards
 or ATAS. You can then load the standard CC TPO template for example on exochards
 web. Then you can determine the ledges visually and be aware of double
 distribution day TPO profiles. Ledges are the same as poor highs or poor lows but
 they are formed inside of the TPO profile. Two or more TPO blocks or columns at the
 same price create a ledge. Ledges are used then as intraday support or
 resistance levels in the TPO profiles. Now let's have a look at a practical
 example of ledge formation and price reacting to it upon revisiting the ledge.
 We are using the standard chart champions template on exochards web on the Bybit
 BTC USD pair. The clusters and text has been expanded for this daily TPO
 profile in order to see the ledges. Here we have two blocks or columns forming
 one ledge and here we can also consider this another ledge formation. So
 together we can regard this area as a nice intraday resistance level as
 price moves away from it. Upon revisiting the level we can see that price goes
 above our ledge formation and rejects much like a swing failure pattern type
 of trade providing a possible intraday trade setup as a short with nice
 follow-through to the downside and full range rotation for the day. Another
 possible trade setup with such ledge formations would be the flipping of
 this resistance level to support. Not the breakout itself beyond the level but
 the actual retest of the level and confirmation of this previous resistance
 as support. It is best to confirm this using order flow including volume,
 delta, open interest and CVD divergences. A double distribution setup occurs when
 price gains acceptance into a large row of single prints between two
 distribution profiles. You then look to trade to the opposite side of the single
 print row. The activation should occur preferably on the following day but can
 occur up to one week later. There is however no hard rule for this. The
 double distribution setup can also occur on the same day as the double
 distribution. Now let's have a look at a practical example of a double
 distribution setup. Here we have the standard chart champions TPO template on
 exochards web. It is said to the Bybit BTC USD pair with the standard settings.
 As we can observe this trading session began with meandering price action around
 this level for about eight hours creating a small distribution profile. Then an
 impulsive move to the upside occurred where we then established a range up here
 for the remainder of the trading session creating approximately another
 distribution setup with a row of single prints in between. Even though this row
 of single prints is not very large we still technically have two distribution
 profiles and a possible double distribution setup that can activate
 preferably on the following day. Let's have a look at what happened the
 following day. Initially price meandered around this level. As we can observe it
 found support at the top of our single print row formed on the previous day.
 Then an impulsive move to the downside occurred and the entire row of single
 prints was filled. Since we were expecting a possible double distribution setup we
 know not to try to counter trade this move. Ultimately the move in price went
 all the way down to this naked point of control and settled at this area for
 the remainder of the trading session. The double distribution setup was thus
 successfully activated and had very nice follow-through to the downside. It also
 created yet another double distribution profile for this daily trading session.
 The row of single prints left behind is very small. Ideally it should be larger.
 However we can apply the same technique for yet another trading session on the
 following day. Now let's have a look at what happened in the following trading
 session. Here we can observe that there was an impulsive move to the downside
 during the initial balance of the session. The lows of the previous day were taken
 out and a buying tail was created showing buying interest at this level. At this
 point in time we then have a swing failure type of move with a nice buying
 tail and a possible double distribution setup from the previous trading session
 that can be activated if we can travel through the very small row of single
 prints. This gives us a nice heads-up for a possible move to the upside. This
 occurred here and as we can observe it was very impulsive and reached these two
 naked points of control where then price action settled in an upper range for
 the remainder of the session. This is a good example of why it's important to
 recognize these double distribution profiles and not counter trade or fade
 a move once it is activated as it can be very impulsive and have very nice
 follow-through. The price action in this daily trading session creates once again
 another double distribution profile. One at the top and one at the bottom with a
 nice row of single prints in between. Now let's go over some tips and tricks. If a
 ledge is formed intraday with more than four TPO blocks or columns at the high
 or low and price rejects from it then we can expect price to break through the
 ledge upon revisiting it. This is context dependent. We recommend that you monitor
 volume, delta, open interest and CVD divergences on the retest. Above or below
 ledges there is generally resting liquidity in the form of stop/loss orders.
 If price breaks through the ledge it can be flipped to support or resistance. The
 first idea however would be to expect a swing failure pattern.
 Trading the breakout of a ledge is not recommended unless there is a clear
 support resistance flip with order flow confirmation. When price gains acceptance
 into a single print block or row as part of a double distribution setup baiting
 or counter trading the move is not recommended. The most useful part of the
 double distribution setup is knowing when not to trade. It will help you avoid
 getting caught up in a squeeze through the single print as no support or
 resistance levels are built during its creation. Here is the take-home message
 for this module. Leges are very useful intraday support or resistance levels.
 Gaining acceptance into the corresponding single print block or row of a double
 distribution profile activates the double distribution setup. This is very
 useful to know when not to trade and to avoid counter trading the activated
 double distribution setup. This concludes today's module. Thank you for
 watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
 (soft music)
