 Hello and welcome to this TPO series module.
 Today, we're going to be covering merging profiles.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module, we will cover the utility of merging profiles, how to correctly implement
 the merging profile technique and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to
 best use it.
 Merging profiles is a very helpful technique to get a better idea of where time was spent
 and where volume was transacted in a range.
 By merging profiles from each trading range, you consolidate data.
 Merged high time frame profiles levels are stronger than the daily volume levels.
 In order to be able to merge TPO profiles, you will need specialized software such as
 exochards or ATAS.
 Then load the standard chart champions TPO template, for example on exochards web.
 You can then double click on the daily TPO profile to activate the merge option.
 We recommend that you merge high time frame daily profiles within a larger range to form
 one set of data.
 You should also merge the inside days together.
 We also recommend that you merge profiles of smaller ranges, including small deviations
 outside of the range.
 Inside days are days where the price action is contained within the previous day's price
 action.
 We recommend that you merge inside days to form an average of the time and volume data.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example using the chart champions TPO template on
 exochards web.
 This is set to the Bybit BTC USD pair with the standard settings.
 As we can observe within these 7 trading sessions, price action was contained in this range.
 We can see that the value areas of each daily profile are very similar to each other.
 Here we have a good example of an inside day, where this day's price action is fully contained
 within the previous day's price action.
 Now we can proceed to merge these profiles to establish a larger set of data that is easier
 to look at with stronger levels than the individual value area and point of control levels.
 Let's zoom in to the first day that we want to merge and double click on the profile.
 Then we can click merge once to merge this sessions data with the previous day's data.
 We can repeat the step to include the following days until we have all of the days merged
 together that we wish to see as one consolidated range.
 Now we have merged the 7 sessions and have an overall value area high, an overall value
 area low, and time as well as volume points of control lining up right here.
 If we determine that we would like to merge more daily profiles into this range for our
 analysis, we can do so by clicking on those individual profiles as well.
 In this case we could argue that we have a deviation outside of the larger range down
 here on this profile and a return to the range on this one.
 The following day we also spend quite an amount of time and volume within the lower range
 and attempt to break out again.
 The final breakout occurs here.
 Thus we could try to include these three profiles into our merge as well as these previous ones
 and this one here to have a larger range.
 Let's zoom in and merge the profiles.
 Double click, merge, merge and merge again.
 Now we have combined these three additional profiles into our cumulative range.
 We can do the same thing for these profiles here, merge, merge and merge again.
 We can also include this profile here which is now inside of the larger profile.
 Now we have a larger set of data giving us even stronger levels.
 With a new value area high, a point of control in time, a point of control with volume and
 a value area low.
 It is also possible to turn off the session grid lines by clicking on session on the lower
 left corner giving us a much cleaner view of our newly merged profile.
 Also we can compare the calculation of the profile based on time or based on volume by
 clicking on this checkbox.
 Here we can then easily see if there are large discrepancies between the value areas and
 the points of control.
 In this case, the value areas are almost identical making them very strong levels.
 The points of control are close to each other and only have a slight discrepancy.
 The objective of merging profiles is to establish the value area high, value area low and point
 of control of the merged range.
 You should still be aware of the daily value area and point of control but place more emphasis
 on the merged profile range data.
 More volume, time and transactions accumulated over the entire range means more data which
 implies stronger levels.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks. Knowing how many profiles to merge can only be learned
 through practice and accumulating experience.
 There are no hard rules on how many profiles to merge.
 The goal is to visually recognize a range and merge the corresponding profiles together.
 In predicting a range before it forms, you should merge the initial profiles together
 of the potential new range.
 It is very helpful to have an idea of the range levels to trade ahead of your competition
 as this will provide you with an edge.
 Once the range is complete and confirmed, the levels and profiles to merge become clearer.
 Here is the take on message for this module.
 You can merge the profiles within a range to see the bigger picture.
 We recommend that you also merge the profiles of potential new ranges.
 A larger dataset equals stronger levels and should equal better trades.
 This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one.
 Happy learning and happy trading.
