 Hello and welcome to this TPO series module. Today we're going to be covering
 time versus volume and one time framing. Please pause this video and take a
 moment to read this trade disclaimer. As the information contained in this
 video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this
 module we will cover the utility of noting discrepancies between time and
 volume as well as recognizing one time framing, how to correctly implement them
 and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to base use them. By
 identifying discrepancies between time and volume it is possible to gain an
 edge for possible trade setups. We recommend that you use the furthest out
 levels to identify the complete range for swing trades using merged profiles.
 Recognize one time framing to avoid fading the price move. In order to
 identify discrepancies between time and volume you will need specialized
 software such as exochards or ATAS. You can then load the standard chart
 champions TPO template on exo web where time and volume points of control are
 shown. You can also then activate a special checkbox to show the volume based
 value area and calculations and compare them to the time based calculations.
 Generally time and volume points of control line up. This is the normal case.
 A discrepancy between time and volume means that the points of control are not
 at the same value. This can indicate weakness in the price move or
 consolidation area. When day trading we recommend that you use the daily TPO
 profile to search for discrepancies between time and volume. When swing
 trading we recommend that you use a large merge set of data. Always consider
 market context and check volume, delta, open interest and CVD divergences as well.
 It is important to look for trap traders at the volume point of control when
 there is a discrepancy with time. Now let's have a look at a practical
 example of a discrepancy between time and volume using the standard chart
 champions TPO template for exo charts web. Here we have a daily TPO profile with a
 discrepancy between the time point of control at the lows of the profile and a
 volume point of control at the high of the profile. We can also expect that the
 value areas for this daily profile will be different. To check this we can
 simply go to TPO settings, click on POC and value area and then use this
 special checkbox to activate the volume-based calculations. Now we can see that
 the volume point of control is highlighted and the value area high is
 higher than what was shown previously as well as the value area low. Now we can
 compare both and we have a perfect example of the furthest out levels for
 this daily profile. In this case we would use the value area low from the time
 based calculations and then the value area high from the volume based
 calculations to give us a complete range for the entire day. Using the
 furthest out levels is especially useful for swing trading where you merge many
 daily profiles together and then pick the highest or furthest out value area
 level as well as the lowest or furthest out value area low level. In this
 specific example the move-up in price was backed by volume as seen by the
 volume point of control established at the highs of the profile. However we
 still have a discrepancy between the time and volume point of controls and it is
 important to make a note of this.
 The trading session then ends with price at the highs of the profile leaving this
 time point of control alone and untapped at the lows. Thus this becomes a naked
 time point of control for the future sessions. This should be noted as a
 retracement to tap this naked point of control could be likely. Let's have a
 look and see if this discrepancy between time and volume was fixed so to speak
 in future sessions. By zooming out we can see that one two three four sessions
 later price did return to tap this naked time point of control. In summary we were
 able to use the discrepancy between time and volume in this session here to add
 an additional factor of confluence for a possible short entry during the
 following sessions to travel back to the naked time point of control. Now let's
 have a look at an example of a large set of data of many daily profiles in this
 case 30 merged together to create one set of data. We can notice right away that
 there is a discrepancy between the time point of control and the volume point of
 control. We can also double check this by going to the settings and activating
 the volume-based calculations once again to see very clearly that there is a
 large discrepancy between the two points of control. In this case the value areas
 are nearly identical. The volume value area low is slightly lower so we could
 use this one to mark out the furthest out level to the downside. By combining this
 discrepancy between the time and the volume points of control with order flow, in
 other words delta, open interest and CVD divergences, it is possible to establish
 whether there are trap traders around the volume point of control area. In this
 case long breakout traders that had to endure a long underwater period of time
 for their positions. When price revisits the area they get out of their positions
 at break even causing once again downwards selling pressure. If price is
 spending a lot of time at the high of a move, creating a time point of control
 but the volume point of control is lower, it indicates that the volume is not
 matching the price move. Generally in such a case you would look to short the
 next rise. For example a swing failure pattern of the consolidation area at the
 high. It is important to confirm the idea by checking order flow. One time
 framing is a sequence of candles or TPO columns where the previous candle low or
 high is not broken during an impulsive move. It can occur on any time frame. For
 TPO columns the 30-minute time frame. One time framing is very often backed by
 large volume often in the context of a short squeeze or long squeeze.
 Counter-trading one time framing is not recommended. Now let's have a look at a
 practical example of one time framing on the TPO profile. Here we have a
 daily TPO profile session where most of the trading session is spent around this
 lower price level. Then an impulsive move begins here and we can observe that none
 of these candles break the low of the previous candle. Also on the left we can
 see rows of single prints being created. This clearly shows an impulsive move to
 the upside which should not be faded or counter-traded. Now let's go over some
 tips and tricks. When using time versus volume discrepancies and day trading we
 recommend that you use the session VWAP in other words the mean volume of the
 day as a take profit target. It is important to check the volume POC area for
 trapped traders. This includes looking for high delta, increasing open interest and
 CVD divergences. Trapped traders could lead to more pressure against them instead
 of a retest of the volume point of control which they could use to exit
 their positions at break even. Here is the take-home message for this module.
 You should consider fading or counter-trading the price move when the time
 point of control does not follow the volume point of control. We recommend
 that you mark out levels using the furthest out price. We also recommend that
 you do not fade a one-time framing price move. This concludes today's module.
 Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy
 trading.
