 Hello and welcome to this TPO series module. Today we're going to be covering Igor Sessions.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer, as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility of the Igor Sessions, how to correctly implement
 them and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use them.
 The Igor Sessions are helpful primarily for day traders. They are useful to identify
 resting liquidity, in other words points of control, especially on the lower timeframes.
 They are similar to TPO charts, but they are traded differently. There are four Igor Sessions
 per day. In order to use the Igor Sessions you will need specialized software, such as
 exochards or ATAS. Then you can load the Sessions template by Igor. You should then
 note the previous Sessions point of control. The Naked Session points of control are particularly
 useful. The combination of a Naked Session point of control and one other strong factor
 of confluence already offers a very high win rate for possible trade setups. This is because
 trap traders exit their positions at the Naked Session point of control and scalp traders
 enter positions expecting a reaction. The Naked Session points of control can also be
 used on high timeframes similar to trading a daily Naked point of control, which is covered
 in a separate module. Now let's have a look at a practical example. Here we have the Igor
 Sessions template on exochards Desktop Pro. As we can observe, the daily TPO profile is
 split into four different sessions, beginning with IS-1 and yellow, IS-2 in green, IS-3 in
 purple and IS-4 in red. In this example we can observe that each of the sessions often
 interacts with the point of control of the previous session. We can also observe that
 there is resting liquidity in the form of a naked point of control from a previous session
 up here, as well as down here from this IS-2 session. Two days later we can observe how
 IS-3 taps the upper liquidity and rejects from this level and finds support at this single
 print created also during this IS-2 session two days prior. Then IS-4, the fourth session
 of the daily profile, finally taps the lower resting liquidity from that IS-2 session as
 well. Now let's go over some tips and tricks. Naked session points of control are most useful
 for day traders. They do not appear in the daily TPO profile. They provide good scalp
 trades on low timeframes from the previous session liquidity. If a naked session point
 of control is left untapped on the high time frame, make a note of it. Igor's sessions
 are useful when trading a trending day. The point of control of each session should hold
 a support or resistance in a trending day. When the previous session point of control
 is lost as support or resistance, it is a sign of weakness in the trend. Now let's
 have a look at another practical example. Here we can observe that price begins to down
 trend around IS-4. Then each of the following sessions establishes a point of control that
 becomes resistance for the future sessions. Here the IS-4 point of control is backtested
 as resistance on IS-2. The IS-2 point of control is then backtested as resistance during IS-3,
 thus showing us that the down trend is intact. Trading the naked session point of control
 alone is not recommended. We recommend that you always look for confluence with at least
 one other factor. A possible trade setup is a naked session point of control and the
 session VWAP confluence, involving a swing failure pattern type of price move. A double
 session point of control with a naked session point of control at the same level is very
 strong confluence. It is possible to merge profiles together on the EAGOR session's
 template. Merging is however recommended only when the points of control are overlapping.
 Here is the take-home message for this module. The EAGOR sessions are helpful primarily for
 day traders. They are useful to identify resting liquidity, in other words, points of control.
 Naked session points of control with additional confluence are strong intraday levels. This
 concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning
 and happy trading!
