 Hello and welcome to this TPO series module. Today we're going to be covering
 Igor time. Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer
 as the information contained in this video is not financial advice and is
 only for educational purposes. In this module we will cover the utility of Igor
 time, how to correctly implement it and then go over some examples and tips and
 tricks on how to best use it. Igor time is used to time volatility. Major pivots
 can be created or key levels can be broken on Igor time. It is very powerful once
 you are able to read market context. In order to implement Igor time you will
 need specialized software such as exocharts or ATAS. Then you can load the
 sessions template by Igor. The next step is to note the four Igor sessions per
 day each starting on Igor time. The Igor session times in UTC are as follows.
 Is one from midnight to six in the morning. Is two from six in the morning to 12
 noon. Is three from 12 noon to 8 p.m. and is four from 8 p.m. to midnight. To
 implement Igor time you look for a major price move or a pivot to be
 established at the start of each Igor time session. For example when is three
 begins at 12 noon you can monitor price action from 1150 a.m. to 1230 p.m. UTC.
 Being able to read market context is very important to determine the possible
 direction of the price move. Now let's have a look at a practical example. Here
 we have the Igor sessions template on exocharts desktop pro. We have expanded
 the clusters and text for this is three is four and is one sessions. By expanding
 the TPO profile in this way we can now follow price action as the 30 minute TPO
 columns are formed. Is three which is generally the session with the highest
 volume begins here and sets during the second row the pivot high for the session
 which is we can observe is the beginning of a significant downtrend. The high is
 set at the point of control of the previous session is two and then price
 begins to move lower and lower. We can then observe that at the beginning of is
 four a similar situation occurs with the high for the session being set during
 the second TPO row and then the downtrend resuming to make a new lower low. Now we
 can have a look at what is one did after this downtrend move. Once again in the
 second TPO column of the session the pivot high was put in and in this case
 an even a larger move to the downside occurred. This example shows why it is
 so important to be aware of Igor time and the beginning of a new Igor session
 as significant price pivots can be established that precede a strong price
 move. In this case we can also observe that the points of control of the
 previous session hold as resistance showing that the trend is intact. Igor
 time only prepares you for a possible volume injection causing volatility. It
 is important that you use market context technical analysis tools and order flow
 reading to determine the direction of the price move. Igor session times are
 different than the standard London New York and Asia legacy market trading hours.
 Igor times are based on statistics gathered on when the most volatility
 occurs at certain times of the day. Igor times are subject to change should a
 new pattern emerge. Igor time is different than Fibonacci time. Fibonacci
 time is useful to estimate price moves days weeks or even months in advance and
 possible major trend reversals. Igor time is used for intraday trades. It is
 possible to combine them to time a volatile move on a specific Fibonacci
 time day. Now let's go over some tips and tricks. Common price moves on Igor time
 are for example a swing failure pattern or the start of a major squeeze or price
 move as volume is injected by larger traders. We recommend that you use the
 Igor session template in combination with the chart champions footprint
 template to monitor order flow. The most volatility is generally observed at the
 start of IS 3. The general ranking by volume from highest to lowest is IS 3,
 then IS 2 followed by IS 4 and finally IS 1. It is important to note that not
 every Igor session has a volatile price move. Here is the take-home message for
 this module. Igor times are useful to time volatility. Major pivot highs, lows
 or breaks of key levels are expected at the start of Igor sessions on Igor
 time. Reading market context correctly is necessary to anticipate the direction
 of the price move. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll
 see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
