Entering trades - Consolidation
 Hello and welcome to this entering trades module. Today we're going to be covering consolidation.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer. As the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we're going to cover why it is useful to track consolidation patterns,
 how to correctly implement them and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to
 best use them. Consolidation can be defined as a range bound price action after an impulse
 and it can be used with market context to decipher the next possible move.
 There are three types of consolidation which can offer clues as to what might happen next.
 It is very useful to consider a counter argument to the textbook definition. In other words,
 to think outside the box when regarding consolidation. In order to begin implementing
 the concept of consolidation, let's have a look at some definitions. In general,
 consolidation above support is considered bearish and consolidation below resistance is considered
 bullish. The core definition of consolidation is price moving in an extended sideways range.
 Generally this is considered a neutral pattern as it can be accumulation, distribution,
 reaccumulation etc and has the potential to break to the upside or downside.
 Now let's go over the three types of consolidation. First we have the bull flag or bear flag type
 which is considered the most bullish or bearish form after an impulse. Secondly, we have the
 sideways consolidation type which is considered a neutral pattern. However, it does favor the
 continuation of the macro trend. Finally, we have the upward sloping for uptrends
 or downward sloping for downtrends consolidation which is generally considered unhealthy and can
 lead to a trend reversal. Now let's go over some theoretical examples of the three types of
 consolidation. First, we have a flag formation after an impulse. In this case, a bullish impulse
 followed by a bull flag and then continuation to the upside. This is the most bullish type of
 consolidation and for a downtrend, the most bearish type. Second, we have the sideways consolidation.
 Once again, a strong impulse followed by range bound action, in this case, forming a parallel
 channel. Then, continuation to the upside with a backtest of the top of the channel
 and another impulse upwards. The sideways consolidation type is considered a neutral pattern
 as this can also break to the downside. Generally, however, a continuation of the macro trend
 is expected in this case to the upside. The third type of consolidation is the upwards sloping
 consolidation, in this case for an uptrend. Here, after the initial impulse, price action is range
 bound within this ascending parallel channel and eventually leads to higher prices before
 strongly reversing the trend. The upwards sloping or downwards sloping consolidation type is considered
 the most unhealthy type of consolidation as it can often signal a possible upcoming trend reversal.
 The three consolidation types can be applied not only for uptrends but also for downtrends
 and have the same significance. After a downward impulse, a bear flag formation is considered
 the most bearish type of consolidation. The sideways consolidation would still
 favor continuation to the downside even though it is generally a neutral pattern.
 Finally, the downwards sloping consolidation after the initial downwards bearish impulse
 is actually considered unhealthy and can also lead to a possible reversal of the trend.
 Now, let's have a look at a practical example. Here, we have a strong upwards bullish impulse
 that begins to consolidate sideways in this parallel channel.
 Ultimately, it offers continuation to the upside and follows the macro trend.
 If we zoom in and look closely, we can see another type of consolidation pattern.
 Here, we have a strong impulse up with a bull flag formation with a descending channel
 and then continuation to the upside. In this example, if we were simply to apply the standard
 textbook definition of consolidation under resistance as being bullish and consolidation
 above support as being bearish, it would have been very difficult to trade this sideways
 consolidation successfully. It is thus important to think outside of the box, look at market context
 and instead realize that after a strong upwards impulse, this sideways consolidation range
 can be traded as such from top to bottom and once again to top until a possible continuation
 appears. Now, let's go over some tips and tricks.
 Consolidation under resistance is usually considered bullish. However, in certain market situations,
 this can also be a low risk short trade. For consolidation above support,
 which is usually considered bearish, there is also the counter argument that it could be
 a possibility for a low risk long position, also with a very simple invalidation.
 In these situations, it is very important to have a look at market context.
 In order to decipher consolidation correctly, we recommend that you follow these steps.
 First, zoom out and check the macro trend. Second, view support and resistance as zones and not
 as levels. Third, we recommend that you always search for confluence to build the strongest case
 for your trade setup. Here is the take-home message for this module. Consolidation can be defined
 as range bound price action after an impulse. The three types of consolidation can help decipher
 the next impulse. Market context and confluence are needed to build the strongest case possible
 for any trade setup. This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you
 on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
