 Hello and welcome to this advanced strategies module. Today we're going to be
 covering the Chart Champions Trend Reversal Strategy or CCTR. Please pause
 this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer. As the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational
 purposes. In this module we will cover the utility of the CCTR strategy, how to
 correctly implement it and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how
 to best use it. CCTR is a powerful scalping strategy offering very quick
 trades. It helps you as a trader to strive for consistency with a strict set of
 rules. The CCTR strategy will expand your arsenal of trading techniques. However
 it is very important that you finish working through all other chart
 champions modules first in order to understand all the moving parts involved
 in the CCTR strategy. In order to implement the CCTR strategy you will need
 specialized software such as exocharts or preferably Atas. Then you should load
 the TR Scalp sessions template by Tiago and Igor and make sure that the range
 U.S. chart is set to 44 26. You will then also need to load the sessions
 template by Igor and set it to 5 minutes. Further requirements to implement the
 CCTR strategy include high time frame charts opened simultaneously in order
 to be aware of high time frame levels. The use of a level 2 order book can be
 helpful though it is not strictly required. You will need ideally a
 powerful computer with a minimum of two screens. In order to successfully
 implement the CCTR strategy you will also need three special ingredients. One
 the ability to follow rules and be a disciplined trader. Two you should be
 okay with losing trades and not let your ego get in the way. Three and probably
 most important is patience. Let the trade setups come to you. Now let's cover the
 rules that you must follow in order to successfully and consistently implement
 the CCTR strategy. One use trend reversal candles to snipe very low time frame
 entries for quick scalps. Enter and exit only for scalpers. Two scalp only at key
 levels. For example the VWAP, points of control, single prints, naked sessions,
 point of control, babes, the daily open, the previous day equilibrium, the previous
 day high, the previous day low, etc. Three enter trades at the above levels
 upon seeing a trend reversal signal. Four if no level or confluence are
 available it is still possible to enter a trade with bullish or bearish CVD
 divergence is present or upon seeing a swing failure pattern followed by a
 close above or below the reference level. Five look for large liquidations as
 price hits a key level. This will greatly increase your success rate. Six take
 50% of your position size as profit at approximately the five minute ACR or
 average candle range. Typically this is a 0.3% move on Bitcoin. Then close the
 trade at the 10 minute ACR or approximately 0.6% move.
 Seven if key levels are nearby use them as take profit levels. Eight when take
 profit one hits the stop loss is always moved to entry. Nine if a high time
 frame level is reached and the entry criteria are triggered allow the trade
 to run longer as a day trade. The risk and stop loss remain the same. Now let's go
 over a practical example. Here we have the CCTR template on ATAS. As you can see
 on the top left we have set the range US chart to 0.44.26. This example covers
 price action during Igor Session 3. As we can observe during the initial phase
 of IS 3 price action moves downward towards the session VWAP. Then the low
 for the session is set and after the backtest and local rejection from the
 VWAP a higher low is made with bullish CVD divergences. As we can see CVD
 making a lower low. Then we see a trend reversal candle print and can
 already use this as a signal to enter a possible trade. In this case the VWAP
 can pose a problem but the trade does result in a successful expansion allowing
 us to take take profit one and take profit two using for example the session
 point of control or the local highs here to close the trade fully. Then it gets
 even better. There is a retracement once again towards the VWAP area and the
 previous week value area low. Once again when we reach this area
 bullish CVD divergences are formed clearly forming a higher low compared to
 these lows here on price action and market structure but a lower low on the
 CVD line. This provides us with yet another entry trigger upon seeing the
 reversal TR candle print here or on the backtest of the previous week value area
 low. Once again the trade expands fully and very nicely ultimately even reaching
 the weekly open. However it is possible to already close the trade much
 earlier following the strict rules set by the CCTR strategy. On both of these
 possible trade setup examples the stop loss placement is below the trend
 reversal signal WIC. Here for this example and here or here depending on the
 entry for this example. Both of these options offer a very nice wrist reward
 ratio. Now let's have a look at another practical example. Here we can see price
 action descending into this level here the previous day open. Initially there
 is a reaction that brings price almost to the session VWAP only to then retrace
 again towards the previous day open. Here is where it gets really interesting. As
 we can observe price action is making a higher low. However CVD is making
 a very significant lower low implying bullish CVD divergences. This together
 with a very nice and clean trend reversal print signal on to the key level is our
 entry trigger for a long trade. The stop loss goes below the WIC of this
 trend reversal candle. In this case we can use the session VWAP as our first
 take profit. When it hits we can move our stop loss to entry. Then we can use the
 previous day value area low or the previous week value area low as key
 levels to close our trade. Having executed our CCTR strategy successfully.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks. We recommend that you take trade set up
 screenshots and add them with annotations to your own private discord
 server. This will serve as a journal. We also recommend that you set an alert at
 the 30 minute ACR when price is approaching a high time frame level as
 you will need enough time to get to your trading station. This is not a magical
 strategy and you will get stopped out many times. You should view this as the
 cost of doing business. When implementing the CCTR strategy it is also very
 important to be aware of the eager session start times as your entry
 criteria can be triggered around these times. Also do not get greedy and focus
 instead on executing as many trades as possible while following the strict set
 of rules. Here is the take-home message for this module. The CCTR strategy is
 meant to help you strive for consistency by creating a solid trading plan with
 the set of strict rules. Follow the rules and be quick but also be patient.
 Ready, choose your level. Set, make your plan. Go, trade the plan. This concludes
 today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy
 learning and happy trading!
