 Hello and welcome to this advanced strategies module. Today we're going to
 be covering clusters and order blocks. Please pause this video and take a
 moment to read this trade disclaimer. As the information contained in this
 video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In this
 module we will cover the utility of clusters and order blocks, how to
 correctly implement them, and then go over some examples and tips and tricks
 on how to best use them. Clusters and order blocks are useful in the 4x stock
 and cryptocurrency markets. They provide higher probabilities for trade setups
 when used with confluence. Clusters specifically provide a more
 advanced and powerful approach. In order to correctly implement order blocks we
 recommend that you use the .25 range tool on trading view to mark the order
 block. This would be the basic approach. To examine clusters which is the advanced
 approach you will need specialized software such as exochards or attas.
 Then in this software you can load the clusters template by Igor. A bullish
 order block is the last down or red closed candle, formed at or near a key
 level of support. The order block is only confirmed when the next candle
 trades above the order blocks high. The most probable bullish order blocks are
 followed by an impulsive price move up with imbalances and creating single
 prints. The so-called unfinished business. Conversely a bearish order block is the
 last up or green closed candle formed at or near a key level of resistance. The
 bearish order block is only confirmed when the next candle trades below the
 order blocks low. The most probable bearish order blocks are followed by
 an impulsive price move down with imbalances and creating single prints.
 Once again the so-called unfinished business. Now we are going to cover how
 to trade an order block using the basic approach. We recommend that you use the
 .25 range tool on trading view to mark the order block. Then pull from open to
 close for a bullish order block or from close to open for a bearish order block.
 The next step is to latter your orders at the zero, the .25, the .5 and the .75
 levels when price revisits the order block. The invalidation and stop loss
 placement for a bullish order block is below the swing low where the order block
 was formed. Conversely the invalidation for a bearish order block and stop loss
 placement is above the swing high where the order block was formed. When trading
 an order block it is possible to choose price targets conservatively or
 aggressively. The conservative target would be the next opposite order block and or
 champions channel. The aggressive target would be above the next
 swing high for a bullish order block or below the previous swing low for a bearish
 order block. Now let's have a look at a practical example of a bullish order
 block. Here we have the link USDT perpetual contract chart on the four
 hour time frame on bibit. Down here we can identify a bullish order block as the
 last red candle closing down before an impulsive green candle that began this
 entire reversal move. Now we can use the fib retracement tool to mark the bullish
 order block from the open to the close of the candle. In order to transform the
 fib retracement tool into the .25 range tool you need to input these values
 in the settings. We can classify this order block as interesting as it begins
 at a key area with a swing failure pattern of the local lows as well as a
 failed auction process of the previous lows from days before. The impulsive move
 away from the order block has very nice follow through. Thus we can now expect
 that upon revisiting this order block might react to it. Based on the basic
 approach for order blocks using the .25 range tool we can then theoretically
 ladder long orders at the 1 0.75 0.5 0.25 and 0 levels. The disadvantage in this
 approach is that drawdown has to be experienced as price moves down
 through the levels. The invalidation for this approach
 is quite simple. The stop loss can be placed below the swing low
 where the bullish order block was created. In this example we can observe that the
 reaction from the .25 level of the order block
 was very nice and totaled almost 8%. The aggressive approach is then to take
 profits above these highs. The more conservative approach would be to take
 profits already at the opposite CC from the previous
 high to the low made. Now let's go over how to trade an order block
 using the advanced approach with clusters. First identify the clusters
 inside the candles. These are buy and sell orders.
 You can activate your x-ray vision to see the clusters by using order flow
 software such as exochards and atas with the e-gore clusters template.
 Then use this information to better understand
 trader behavior as the order block was formed. When identifying clusters
 inside the candles you should check for delta, volume,
 imbalances, trap traders and the point of control for both
 volume and TBO. Then zoom in to the clusters to analyze this data
 to then be able to form a trading plan.
 After a practical example covering how to approach trading an order block
 following the basic method we can ask ourselves the question
 but what if there was a better way to trade this order block?
 The answer is there is clusters. Here we have the clusters template
 on atas showing us the same section of price action
 with the bullish order block being created here
 and price revisiting it here. Perhaps now we can zoom into the candles
 with our x-ray vision and see if there is a reason
 for the bounce from the .25 level that gave a nearly 8% move.
 Let's check out the specific order block.
 As we zoom in we already begin to see that there is a point of control
 exactly at this level. Let's continue to zoom in
 to find out what exact delta and volume information
 was contained within this candle. Here we have our footprint bar
 statistics and now we can actually look inside the candle
 and see if there were any imbalances and where the point of control for this
 candle was.
 Using this information we can then look for the areas in the order block
 with the highest volume transacted as those
 will likely have the highest amount of trap traders
 that can be involved in a reaction of such an order block.
 The advantage of this approach is that we can zoom in to the
 almost exact level where a reaction can be expected
 and it is then not necessary to endure the drawdown of the basic
 approach. The entries using this method with clusters
 can be more precise and involve less risk.
 Zooming back out now we have a good explanation of why price got the nice reaction
 from this exact level and produced a nearly 8% move.
 This level around 5.65 is the point of control as we can observe
 here of the order block candle. In other words
 the highest amount of transacted volume horizontally
 was here and it provided a nearly 8% reaction.
 Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 Using the body of the candle is recommended to mark the order block
 with the 0.25 range tool. We also recommend that you look for at least
 one strong confluence additionally. If no key level is hit
 don't consider the order block as price will likely travel through it.
 The higher the time frame of the order block
 the larger the price move away from it can be.
 It is possible to trade order blocks on any time frame.
 The ideal age for an order block is
 intraday, eager session to eager session
 or one to two weeks back. These are very useful order blocks.
 We recommend that you use clusters instead of just order blocks
 with the 0.25 range tool as you will be able to get
 better entries with less risk and less drawdown.
 Cluster analysis combined with the CCTR trading strategy
 is recommended as you will be able to get very precise entries
 with a very good risk to reward ratio.
 We also recommend that you prioritize clusters with more volume
 as you can then expect a larger price move as a reaction.
 Here is the take-home message for this module.
 Clusters and order blocks are powerful tools
 useful across all markets. With confluence they can provide
 high probability trade setups. Cluster analysis provides an advanced
 improved and more precise approach to trading order blocks.
 This concludes today's module. Thank you for watching
 and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
