 [BLANK_AUDIO]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 Good morning traders, hello and welcome to this morning update. Today is the 17th of November, hello, hello, hello. Good morning, good afternoon, wherever you may be. Let's do the quick usual sound check, make sure that obviously you are okay with that legal trade at the slamer.
 You read it and yes, let's make sure that you can hear me first and then we may proceed.
 Okay, sounds good. Okay, perfect. Okay, so as always, nothing here is for educational purposes. Only it's all for educational purposes, not financial advice.
 So yeah, make sure you read that legal trade at the slamer and yeah, let's get going. We've got quite a few people here already.
 So let's say hello to you all.
 We've got our tour, con collector, John Underton, Matt, Cathille, M&N Crypto, the actual Snell, GH, H1PS, Jojo, Sign, Roscoe, Moro, Kinks Me, Free Energy, Gab, Ghibli, Jentyn, Dark Goose, Eddie, Duran, Captain Jack, PS79, Seiko, Nick, David, David, John, PZ, PZ.
 God, he's tongue twist names and to the moon is here as well. So let's go to the moon, Rainer, Hello, my friend, or Ringzler.
 Anyway, anyway, I like some of you have changed this. Three days, one season is a long time. Yes, it is a long time.
 Hugo Choi, Pauline, Paul, people are coming in. I'll feed you're on a crypto. Hello, my friends. Hello, everybody.
 Exciting, exciting. We have a lot of stuff going on. We have Black Friday.
 Don't forget your beautiful Black Friday is here. So yeah, we're counting down. There you go. Up to 30% off.
 Grab yourself this and stay with us for the next 12 months. We cover the markets left, right and center, life trading.
 There's just so much going on every day, these updates. It's the home of trading.
 You know, if you want to become one of us, be here with us, associate and be around people that are successful and you will be successful yourself.
 Put your head down and let's get to work. Let's get to work. So yeah, don't forget to grab yourself that.
 Also, trading view will come up for sure with the good old Black Friday deal. Make sure to lock that in as well.
 You know, like this is the time to, you know, grab those deals for the next year of trading.
 You know, this is your business expenses because trading is a business and you treat everything as such.
 So yeah, let's go. I'm upbeat today. So let's dive into BTC.
 And I'm just going to start by saying that on Friday, I came into the chat and I said, if you are not short, there's no business here.
 I got a few messages, private messages to say, thank you, mate.
 You've saved me a few bucks because a lot of people were trying to long this drop.
 And if you all remember, you know, the screen shot I shared on Friday and Thursday and, you know, I've been sharing.
 You know, it was very much very clear, like, you know, lose that anchored view up that we were looking at and it's starting to look at it.
 Let me see if I can pull it up.
 You need a sec.
 So actually, wow, it's funny when you post back.
 Yeah, there you go. It's funny when you actually look back off all the stuff you post.
 You know, there's so much, what's the word?
 So much like stuff being shared, left, right, and center.
 You just have to, you know, obviously, you know, be active and look for these nuances.
 But yeah, basically we're saying here, let me just pull this up again.
 Just basically looking here and saying that, you know, at this point here, BTC is hovering around that anchor view up from the initial of the year.
 So this is the beginning of 2020-25.
 And, you know, we came down and spent one, two, three, four, five.
 And this is when it was looking good.
 So often it is okay for BTC to do these, like, double lows, triple lows, if it supports.
 And you may have heard, like, oh, it's supporting till it's broken.
 Well, here's the simple, you know, kind of like, you know, what I've just said, it's supporting till it's broken.
 When you gap up, you expect two things.
 One, follow through. We didn't get that.
 Second, you expected to come back in to fill that gap.
 If that gap is not hold, which obviously clearly it didn't, it actually closed below the anchor view up and then it opened and just was unable to reclaim it.
 So at that point, it's like, okay, let's see then what happens on the next day, which was this day here.
 That's what it was reported.
 And we simply just lost it with, you know, an expansion of exponential candle down.
 So now we're trading much lower than that.
 And we reach nearly 92K, which is that nice lower band there.
 So it's, it's one of those that we don't know if it's going to break or not, but because the higher time frame has been bullish up until this point, this then becomes that support.
 So losing this now.
 And this is what I was saying, like lose that band looks the next band and we'd be pretty much got there.
 So let's, it might take a little while.
 So I'm just going to open now.
 I should have done this earlier.
 So give me a second.
 I've got, it's funny because I loaded by bit, but I didn't load the CME.
 So let me just quickly go and load that and then we can plot that.
 There you go.
 Let's go with the front contract.
 Give me a second because we have kind of like church came down to touch that.
 So let's go full day.
 We don't need to show our session and we're going to go back one whole year.
 And then I'm going to put on the screen and then we can go with the analysis.
 I'm just going to delete.
 Actually, I can bring this down.
 Let me just expand.
 I'm going to hide this board now.
 There you go.
 I think I might pull this down to.
 Yeah.
 Let's go daily time one day and we're going to go one year.
 Okay.
 Let's go one year.
 Okay.
 Let's go.
 Let me just put this on to six, twelve.
 That's twelve.
 Around.
 Okay.
 That's twelve.
 There.
 Okay.
 So this is the Tuesday, Thursday, second.
 Okay.
 It goes here.
 That's correct.
 I can always double click on here and go to settings.
 First, let's go January.
 There you go.
 So now this should take a little bit of time.
 Love your work.
 Thank you.
 Good.
 Painful when we just bought.
 Yes.
 And that's what I was saying.
 And it's always the same thing.
 Always think when you have a market at one level and it's like obviously this is one, two, three, four.
 You've got at least minimum four days and then you have the look above fail.
 Another four or so four.
 Obviously discount that day and this day but then you've got another one.
 So five, six.
 When you break out of that expect so follow through, if you don't quickly.
 I think the key word is if it doesn't quickly go back inside and this is what I usually say.
 Like it really needs to go.
 Meaning we need to see tempo pick up.
 We need to see those orders pick up.
 We need to see volume pick up.
 All of that like the participation.
 Always think volume.
 Like if the volume is coming in then that means, okay, there's participation here but we didn't
 get that.
 We did not get that.
 We got that to the downside.
 So I looked at that and just instantly thought, all right, we're going to go to the next band.
 And to the next band it went.
 Well, we kind of there now.
 This always takes a little bit time.
 I was sure quantile was a little bit quick on these but it's looking at all the ticks.
 Maybe I should just do it normally while this is loading.
 I know it takes a while.
 Maybe I should change it.
 We can do it in TradingView perhaps.
 Let me just do it in TradingView.
 It's very similar anyway.
 Let's go to here.
 We'll do it here on TradingView while that one loads.
 I want to use that one anyway and that's what I marked but can do it here.
 So let me just hide these and we can update the other ones as well because these are all
 down now as well.
 So let's update this while we're here.
 Let me make sure RTH makes 5.24.
 Let's go to SMA's.
 Just squeeze this in here.
 Yeah, it's moved down now.
 You can see here.
 Look, so we've gone from what was that 200 down to 400 down to 200.
 Okay, so we are dropped, dropped and dropped again and dropped again.
 So all the moving averages are now pointing down including the long term time moving average.
 And you can see the retest there as we break.
 Okay, so we look above, doesn't hold and then comes back below.
 And this is how the candles look around that same sort of like place.
 So what I'm going to do is and I'm going to focus on RTH here.
 So do I have, okay, that's the gaps.
 That's the higher time frame and here's that view up.
 There you go.
 So it's not the same but let's bring in the electronic trading so that we can see that
 a full day and there we go.
 So that's, it's slightly different.
 So it's actually sitting in around that 90k.
 I do have an alert there, by the way.
 And while we remain with this one time framing down on the daily, you have to assume that
 even if BDC rises up to, I would say, that Florida 99 to 50, might not even reach 100k.
 It's still resistance.
 Even, okay, even this lower low here.
 So this low here at 97, that's still big resistance.
 To come up to there, it's going to have a lot of work to do.
 And that is still kind of like a resistance that should hit.
 You know, we can still see another lower low there because of this, because of like the
 fact that we are getting one time framing down, one time framing down, one time framing down,
 one time framing down and still do that a little bit of retracement back inside previously range,
 which in this case is going to be obviously kind of like Friday, right?
 So, yeah, let's now.
 Yeah, but that's what it is.
 That's where we've dropped from.
 And I think it's nice to every now and then, like, have these anchor view apps, especially
 from these key pivots, which is, for example, this one, obviously, beginning of the year.
 And let me just also, just quickly mark one from the high there, just to see where we are.
 One ten, so it's around one ten.
 Actually, let me go back again.
 Yeah, we are extended there.
 We're literally taking the, with touching the lower v-band.
 Okay, so that's that.
 Let me just go back to the electronic.
 I mean, regular and look at that.
 There's going to be a gap there too.
 Good.
 So we're going to mark that right now.
 So, actually, let's go to gaps.
 And then we can start building another picture here.
 So that's going to be, oops, that's going to be our gap below, which is going to be here.
 And then this is going to be our gap field.
 And that's going to be right in the middle, 700.
 That's going to be our big, big resistance for today already.
 Then we're going to go left, and we're going to see.
 And here's the thing.
 Even here, this box, this gap.
 I think that is the last sort of like, just to adjust this thing I made.
 Yeah, I'll tell you what, this would be the only place, I would say, it's a buy below this consolidation.
 Because if we even close a 30 minute candle below that 92, I mean, actually, I think to this mode,
 did we touch that when you overnight, just nearly.
 And it's a case of like, I feel like if we close even a one, I think probably one hour like,
 so two hours, now and a half.
 That would give us the two confirmation 30 minute candles plus one for make the swing low.
 So yeah, one and a half hours, in other words, 30 minutes plus 30 minutes.
 You don't really have, depending on how the structure reform, we don't really have a swing low here.
 So if we do close three candles below that level, I will say we're going to go much lower.
 Into that RTH VWAP for the long term band below that, which at that point, we're going to be looking for the 75,
 which sits a little bit lower, right?
 So it sits around here.
 We're very close to it though, you know.
 It's actually the loss of the range here came actually very quick to that lower band.
 So yeah, that's it. It's 90k.
 So the alert is that's 96.50.
 It's around that same place.
 Okay, so that is our kind of nice support.
 Okay, we do have that naked monthly VWAP down there.
 So we'll keep a knife, but yeah, that's that nice big box of support.
 And yeah, I don't really want to see you go down to the next one.
 That would be very bearish, I would say.
 So let me just see if you have, I'm going to hide these three.
 Just want to focus now on the big one.
 Yeah, that's quite a big deviation though, isn't it?
 Even if you go back, that's been a while.
 So have a look at the first time here before it went.
 Just want to see 32.
 That's going to bring us below the low though.
 Let's go right from it, 19.
 20.
 Yeah, I'd, I don't think he'll go that far.
 Because this is, I'm going to work with this level as that nice,
 long potential coming to fruition.
 My only issue is that I don't know if we're going to hold that gap there at 92K
 when the market opened later, depending on where you are.
 So yeah, the gap above is actually super important to this gap.
 So the context here is that if we just have the slow as is and we can close above that gap,
 we're going to have the resistance at 100K anyway, 97 to 100K.
 Yeah, there's a couple of plays here.
 But I'm going to need today's Thursday, Tuesday and tomorrow.
 Yeah, Monday and Tuesday.
 I'm going to have, I'm going to use two days to see, okay, where do we close?
 And do we get that nice, kind of like swing low?
 It'd be nice if we got down to here and had like a bullish, abundant behavior.
 That would be like yesterday, so tomorrow to gap down through this gap.
 That would be cool to have that bearish, like bullish, abundant baby
 where you have the gap that is left and then we have a gap up.
 That would be the insane sort of like setup that then gives us confirmation.
 We can long up here, basically let the market, this is the higher time frame
 and then we'll focus on more local in a second.
 But let's say we do get that bullish, abundant baby down here
 and we'll be able to see it straight away because of the buying that's going to come down here.
 So if we get that, then we can buy a little bit later, but we let them fight down here
 and then we get that nice leg up because this leg could be exponential
 because of like the impact from these, all of this range going down.
 So yeah, I'm going to keep you guys posted on this anyway.
 But yeah, let's move on to the lower time frame.
 But yeah, keep these between 90, I would say 91 and 90k.
 You can see that there, it goes all the way up to 88 and we do have that lower gap there.
 But just mark one gap at the time, otherwise you're going to have too many gaps.
 So even this upper gap, you know, we should kind of like get rid of it.
 But the lower one, which is at the 75, that's actually quite a nice gap.
 But you know, we're not trading through this one yet.
 So let me just hide the view up as well.
 So we're not trading through this one yet.
 If we do, then just come here to this chart, very easy to do and just mark the next one.
 I don't like this one too much.
 We do have the VWAP influence with it.
 But I don't know, I feel like if we go to this one, I mean you can see that feeling this one is the logical one.
 Because this is unfinished business here.
 So you have basically the reason, let me tell you and explain because I think this is probably people that are confused.
 So even though this one is right at that VWAP or just about like here, I don't like it because of the following.
 This one, perfect.
 Why you have a consolidation, you have a boxy, you have a balance.
 So this isn't a balance.
 So you have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.
 You've got, let's call it 10 days.
 You've got 10 days consolidation.
 So there's going to be a lot of orders resting below here.
 Okay, inside that gap, literally inside that gap.
 So it's like treaters and SFP.
 Okay, go below and then take, you know, get going.
 This one is in the middle of nowhere.
 You do have the support here, but that's it.
 And then you have this one slightly below.
 So to me, this one is more preferred and that sits at the 75.
 So I prefer the lower one, which sits right at 75, rather than this one.
 So if we do trade through this gap and close, let's say, you know, two, 30 minutes, I'll expect this one down here.
 You'll be looking for another kind of like further drop and then that will look something like this.
 That's what I expect.
 So instead of pausing here and then doing this, if we close below here, we'll have the band, but I expect it to go at least to here and then go.
 You know, the words make that third pivot.
 So you've got like one, two, and then three, and then once it breaks there, then we can, you know, focus on those longs.
 So it will be clean when it happens.
 And for now as a trader, if you're short, great, keep that short on.
 If you're sitting with cash on the sidelines, then this is a good opportunity to be active and to be, you know, anticipating this move.
 But obviously not go with the anticipation, just go with when you see it.
 Okay.
 So let me just clean this up and then we can go to the lower timeframe.
 And because this is fresh and we're right here, I'm just going to take a quick look at the questions or chat to make sure that you are all up to date.
 Oh, sorry.
 Oh, man, my music is lower. It's just on the stream. Sorry. Where's my man?
 There you go.
 It should be really low.
 Bondia, Bondia.
 But the Black Friday, they'll make less sense for the people that subscribe for one year, right?
 I think it makes sense to everybody that wants to learn, just lock it in.
 And then you can always ask customer service to adjust any future, you know, like, if you have, let's say you joined a bit later.
 I'm sure if you talk, if you speak to customer service, they can adjust your reveal cycle, whatever.
 I'd definitely lock it in. If I was you.
 Why is the current line or it's being low? Get what you're looking at like that.
 I've got another ego reset, the SMA is on the 24. Just checking that.
 I was intentional now.
 Yeah, I always do RTH on the 24 hours. Yes.
 It's always on 24. Yeah, it's 24 hours, not daily. Daily shows something different to the RTH.
 I'm tracking it on RTH there. I always do that.
 So 24 hours RTH. That's what I do for all of this TA here.
 Okay, let's, let's, I think that was it.
 We just need one. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
 No, but we have to trade the charts. And this is what I was saying. Look, you know, we are close to that gap.
 This is a nice by wake. The volume is increased here. Let's have a look.
 Actually, look at that. So compared to.
 Okay, we actually, by the way, we actually had a nice, you can see here, like, you know, we had, you know, this is nice.
 It's nice to see that. But yeah, we are still one time framing down.
 And I think this is the thing, like, you know, previous day high is all the way, I mean, like, yeah, it's, it's, it's quite fun.
 We've got the gap still. So we are still one time framing down.
 So let's mark these local levels. I'm just going to take a look at value.
 Anyway, we're still, yeah, value is still like down, down, down, down, down, all the way down here.
 Let me just hide the year levels. And we'll take a look at this. So going to hide this.
 Yeah, far away from that 200.
 This is from first day, I think it was. Yeah, this mark, which was very well respected that the open.
 So today we're going to have to go with.
 What was the weekly one then? So we had Monday. Let's go with Monday.
 And let's go with Monday morning.
 There you go. So that 100, it's still going to have nice big resistance there and still far away. Wow.
 This is the weekly one.
 Massive single at 98. I do like that zone. You can see I've got two alerts.
 I've got one at 90. So these are my levels and then obviously I've got one at 90.
 So in other words, like the, the, the, the trade is set up by light.
 I already looked at this is, you know, between this, obviously stop loss.
 You just going to have to, you know, adjust your stop loss, but this would be nice.
 And this mark this.
 While we're remaining one time framing down on daily, we can mark this here. Let's do this very quickly.
 So every time framing down on every time frame, shall I say down.
 Oh, I've just realized my webcam is in front of this. So how about I do that?
 Oh, how, how about I do 20. There you go.
 See, I always think about you guys. I don't want. Yeah, I've got OBS there as well.
 So that you can see what I'm seeing. And I'm just going to also load up the calendar.
 So today, Monday, niente, tomorrow, nada, and Wednesday, we then have the building permits, the minutes, FOMC, non fun payrolls, unemployment rate.
 Okay, so quite busy week ahead on Thursday and Friday and nada. Okay.
 So light, but not that light as it's been.
 Let's take a look at this shape here for Friday. I'm going to hide price and let's delete this.
 The wrong one. This one. So let's focus on this value. We had the, okay, right. This is interesting.
 This is interesting.
 Typically on lows and highs, we get a D shape. Okay.
 We do have a little stem down here, like buying tail, but we close right now.
 So we actually closed bearish a little bit. Let me just mark this.
 I think I left this day because it was important of the reclaim.
 And sometimes when we have a training day like this, you know, it's nice to use the previous day because you've got that nice SF lip.
 And we did reject there. So let me, oops, let me just push this down now because this is important now to stay down here.
 So let's just mark this one.
 And for the people that are new, fear not, this is just the market profile that we are looking at here.
 And when I'm looking at the market profile, you know, the worst TPO, I'm primarily looking for a value.
 Okay. So where is value in relation to previous days?
 And here we know value was 70%. So this box here, we know here this was value value, et cetera, et cetera.
 And it's still lower. Okay. So as far as this market is concerned, we are still trending down.
 Not unless, okay, today, during the overnight, this is the overnight, which is still down here. Okay, we're still trading lower another stem.
 Not unless this value later, when we open RTH starts to print, let's say anywhere up here.
 Okay, like this, we have another profile. Then we say, okay, we've shifted now from going, making lower lows and lower highs on value to then going higher.
 So this is super important to kind of like track that kind of institutional flow on the CME. Okay.
 So that's what we're doing here. And yeah, it is lower. So we do have that D-shape. I'm going to call this a D-shape.
 And for that, I'm going to also hide the overnight so that you don't get confused there.
 And let's hide that as well. So that is a nice D-shape. And I do have, I don't know when it's going to be open.
 I'll have to check with the team. But, you know, I did a new lesson on shapes.
 But this time around, I didn't just cover this shape because we know we can see a D here.
 You know, it's not, you know, rocket science. We know we can see a training day, but slightly the point of control down there is a bearish day.
 Another B-shape, lower B. Another B, you know, actually a lot of Bs here, like bearish and B for bearish.
 But, you know, sometimes you can, like the actual playbook set up is to go long on these places if you can reclaim that.
 But another D. And there you go. So here's an example, right? Here's an example of what I'm saying. A D usually caps the top or the bottom of the move.
 Okay, because it's like the buyers and sellers are kind of like, okay, we are, let's say, training higher.
 We then find that balance. And once it breaks, I mean, look, it's classic here. Like once it breaks, you know, that is the resistance.
 You know, you don't want to see price go inside, go inside. Okay? And then obviously continues with that lower B. This is beautiful.
 Actually, this is such a good example. And this is Bitcoin. Like this is like top notch.
 And obviously now, if we reverse it, we actually have the same thing down here.
 So obviously we can just invert this. Can I invert it? Yeah, there you go. So we have the opposite that we had down here.
 Meaning we can have a little tradesmen here, actually. That's what I'm trying to get at, just by looking at the profiles. So yeah, that's nice.
 But let's make value lower because that's what we're here for. So value lower, not overlapping.
 You actually left that really nice low, but not a good high end for that. I'm going to open the TBO on this chart. Always comes up for some reason.
 Just checking a second. BTC, Optimate, and TBO. Just to open this up here, I'm going to go word, word, word, word. Just 10. Yeah, you can see here. Like we had, let me just expand it.
 We had a really good low down there on Friday.
 Yeah, actually that's nice. Yeah, there's quite a lot. Don't even have to count. And then obviously the gap.
 So that will be the resistance today. We're still trading below inside value.
 And we had all of that on Friday late. Look, that is a lot. That's 334 lots. That's a lot.
 Each one of those is five times the index price. So one here would be five times 94, 350.
 And we had, well, what's two, seven, five plus three, seven, like over five, nearly 600 lots. Well, actually more.
 That's a lot that was traded right at the lows. Yeah, that's really nice, actually. Let me just bring this up.
 Still, the delta for the session was negative, but we have a very good volume on there.
 So, okay, we have excess on the lows and excess on the highs apart from the view from the, what's it called from the gap.
 So let me go back to trading view. So excess, it's fine.
 We just have the gap above, but we can mark that sentiment. I'm going to say neutral because we did close bearish
 for the session, as you can see there on the profile. We did close below on the M stem down here.
 Like, let me just say, yeah, we did close all the way down here. However, the point of control is clearly up here.
 And it's actually at the midpoint. So I'm actually going to call it, oh, gosh, I think always comes forward.
 I'm actually going to put this as neutral for the sentiment.
 And it's that D shape classic. When you have a D shape, typically you get that neutral sort of like the market gets to a point
 where it's kind of like, all right, is this capping the low of the move?
 Or it's a balance before another massive leg down. But that's typically what we see with these D sessions
 because it's like the market is in balance. It's like a range. It's trying to decide, okay, are we going to reclaim go?
 Or are we going to lose and then reverse? So that's what it means. So it seems interesting to see that D shape there.
 And yes, we do have that gap above, but I've focused more on two days gap. So we don't know where we're going to open later.
 So currently, if we open right now, we'd be opening inside previous value at the point of control.
 So we're at the value right now. Price is right here. So it's neither bearish, neither bullish, it's neutral.
 And when the market opens, we would have zero gaps. So if we open up here, we'd have a bullish gap.
 As you can see, if we open down here, we'd have a bearish gap. So I'm going to keep this for later.
 So to be decided, and I'm going to use to be TBD. And then obviously, a gap is a sign of change.
 Always, if we gap up, it's a sign of change. In this case will be a bullish sign because we'll be trading up here,
 meaning something has changed in the market. If we gap down, again, it's a sign of change.
 In this case, the change is already confirmed. It's down. So we go with that gap. So go in this case.
 So fade. If it's above, go. If it's below. Easy. Nothing too fancy here. Pretty self-explanatory.
 And if you need, I can put the gap guidelines below this so you can see them when you're trading.
 That's it. So we've opened outside value. We've opened outside the value area low.
 And you can see that by just putting the levels. You can see that we open all the way down here,
 weekly open, and we're just coming back inside value. Value low is, if you want me to mark it, it's right there.
 We open on there. You can see weekly open, previous month low, previous day low. Everything's there.
 Okay. So outside value, and I'm going to put low, actually, in this case. Oops.
 And we are, I would say it's a bit neutral here, the value, even though there's a little bit of overlapping lower.
 I've got to say it's neutral and I, it's a little bit more short, really.
 Yeah, I would say 70% to 80% of this is actually below it. So yeah, it's a little bit more short.
 So yeah, let's mark these targets very quickly. I'm going to align with that bearish bias. Okay, we are trading below.
 You know, just pop a trend line from, you know, choose any profile that you want. You know, it's a clear trend down.
 So, you know, we have to pay more attention to those short trades or give them a bit more priority.
 So we're going to mark the single print. This is important. So let's go single print there.
 And that's going to be a nice place. And then we're going to have all of this confluence over here. That's going to be our, like, color line in the sand.
 This is like where the market gets from shifting from bearish to bullish potentially, especially if we have that gap here at the open for those singles.
 So singles is resistance. That's going to be our first. And then we're going to overlay this with different confluences.
 So one, two, where was that Vwap?
 It is not. So it's not useful. Pivots. Okay, there you go. So we have the pivot out of value very high. I like the value very high.
 I will take the value very high before I take the pivot. So I'll go with value. So these are our three levels today.
 And you can see that one is right there. The second one is the single and the third one is literally just below.
 It's more so the low of this day here that I marked earlier, which is the previous week equilibrium. It's the yearly EQ and it's the previous day high.
 So PD high to the rescue there. Okay, so let's just go daily. There you go. This can just be...
 Let me just bring back the candles. There we go. Just pop it there.
 Just going to change this to PD high. And then we can hide the other levels. And we don't want to test.
 PD high to the downside. We're going to go with the overnight low. And more or so the support.
 So this is going to be S1. And what I would like here would be to actually get a move app at the open back to value very high.
 And then continuation lower. And then to have this box a little bit later in the session. So we can go straight there.
 And then look at that. The S2 sits right at that anchored VWAP 90k.
 And this here is the line in the sense. So this will be like sort of trade above here and close above that 100k.
 That D-shaped context plus the value built up here. Think about it.
 Like if we're closing above it tomorrow, we know we're going to have value somewhat here.
 So we know that this value has gone from lower to higher. We've got two stems. One, two, okay. D-shaped could mark the end of a downtrend value higher.
 Line in the sand. We kind of know. So if we just follow this process, we kind of know when the market is shifting or not.
 But until then you have to remain with the daily and weekly and monthly kind of like buyers.
 And then here it's down, down, down. So you know, you have to focus on, give me a pullback. I'll short down.
 Okay. That makes sense. Oh, shit. That's pretty.
 So let's open those gaps because I think I'm actually going to, yeah, I will mark the lower gap.
 So let's go back to this. I will mark it just because I want to see exactly where we fit into that.
 Let's mark the absolute lower gap. Oops. Yeah. Yeah. Let's just copy this instead.
 I won't mark the one in between. So that's the gap low there. There you go. Let's do this.
 Oh, look at that.
 Just zoom in to see.
 We do have confluence at 90, though. We have the S2.
 But that is my preferred. I just basically feel, I mean, I'm going to leave it anyway.
 But I just feel like this 90k, I don't know.
 We do have the anchored rewamp, deviation, the two. Typically that's where exactly where you want to take it.
 I don't know. I just have a funny feeling that we might blast through that to the next level.
 And that then becomes better because we then have the 7.5, which in my opinion is much better.
 Maybe this is it. I like this one here, but not as much as I would like this one.
 Does this make sense? Maybe not. I don't know. Maybe I'm kind of like not explaining myself properly.
 But I do like, I like this one better than that.
 But this one is good because we do have the second deviation, which is where price, just like here, right?
 Just like here. You've got like the mean. This is the mean.
 Okay. And then this is plus one. Well, in this case, minus one. So let's just go back one. This is plus one.
 Okay. Here. And this is obviously plus two. And then this is minus one. And then minus two.
 It is a really good level. It's just below the gap.
 But with this below and this below, I don't know. And then obviously with the 7.5 also there, I feel like we can just drop them.
 That would be better, like to drop through all of this into that. Go below, fill the gap and then go.
 Basically, fill this gap down here, which is slightly lower than that 7.5 actually. Let me just put this default.
 Yeah, 7.86. That would be nice. So anyone buying the 6.18 now, look, 6.18.
 They get a little pullback. They get too excited. And then boom, price, plus, it's through that.
 Takes everybody. And this is the engineered thing like big, big money. This is like retail and then engineered liquidity.
 They then obviously get absolutely wrecked because they get excited. They move their stops below here because they see like 1K, 2K.
 They get really excited. And then price goes through that, takes them out and then goes.
 And then they get like scratching their heads, thinking, "Oh my God, I was right."
 You know, it did bounce. It just came back down before to take me out of my trade. And that is like just a classic thing happens all the time.
 But there's always a new churning of traders. And you know, this is one of the first things they learn when they pull the fib.
 They only see that 6.18 and they just buy that 6.18 because it's the golden pocket. It's the almighty level.
 And everybody knows about it. Unfortunately, they do get run over.
 We've seen it many times. There's no need to explain too much. But a lot of new traders here, perhaps you like thinking, "Hmm, that's interesting."
 And it is interesting. It happens a lot. That's why the CC works really well because it's below that, well, it's a few percent below the 6.18.
 Okay, I hope that makes sense. Let's just wrap this up then with the last level.
 So yeah, this is why I don't particularly like that 92 to 90.
 I like it, but not as much as I would. So anyway, enough of rumbling there.
 I'm going to have to mark just these three. One, two, three, one, two, three. And in terms of preferences for today, I would like to see a move back up to that pivot value at high.
 I will allow it to go up to the 98k. That's still a good short trade.
 But it would be better if we just remain at least below. Where's the... Let me just put the ribbon here. Where is the...
 Actually, let me go for any minute.
 Where is the... Let me change this to "chat".
 I just want to see where they're falling. There you go. So that's going to be there. That's it.
 Actually, this is good. So we have the 200. So good, good lust resistance there.
 Claim that, obviously, it's a little bit more bullish.
 Midpoint in between those two, so still good resistance. And then, obviously, this one will just be like the curvature from the 2050.
 You typically see this, like the deviation above, and then it still pluses right through it.
 So yeah, let's have those two levels. I'll mark them here shortly, but for now, I'm just going to take a look at the chat here, and then I'll add them to those things.
 Anything to mention about your private life figure? I have a baby of six months now. I have a baby of...
 I don't know what you mean, Jerome. Do you have a baby? Would you have a baby in six months, or is he already six months?
 If you do, I have three kids. One is a teenager now. It's kind of like it's gone so quick.
 But yeah, I don't have babies anymore, but I've got a lot of experience with Papies.
 My youngest, she's six, and she's full of it, honestly. She's so different from the boys.
 The boys are very well-sustained, contained, and happy, but she's the same, but she's just loud.
 It's all pink. Anyway, I digress. But yeah, congratulations. If you have a baby, they're the best thing ever. They will change you as a person for the better.
 All right, so what day should I call out of work? I don't know, whatever day.
 I would say Wednesdays and Thursdays tends to be a good day for trading.
 Yes, volume, yes. Can you talk more on view apps? It's showing four lines. Yes, I think I did after this comment.
 So you have the mean standard deviation, one, two, and then below, minus one and two.
 Typically, lose the mean, look for the next one. It's pretty, honestly, it's pretty kind of like, yeah, it's pretty simple.
 Nothing too fancy. Let me just hide this, and yeah, you have the means here.
 So let's say, and when it comes to view apps, you want to anchor them on RTH daily, weekly, monthly, as well as, obviously, six months, yearly, and quarterly, you know, and obviously CPI data releases, because they will be looking for the, let's say you were expecting X data on, you know, house print or whatever.
 Whatever that data, FOMC. So traders will want to know, like, all of that influx of orders, they will want to track that from that date on.
 So you can choose the year last CBI was, was that 24? Was that 20? I think it was around here, because the government's been shut down, right?
 So, yeah, I think it was, so July, no, it was from September. So, yeah, it was 24. What was that?
 Yeah, there you go. I think it was around here. So you would want to anchor from that day.
 The actual day that gave the CBI print, and then typically, those are the nice VWAP bands that you kind of like track, you know, while we remain below the mean, it's bearish.
 Okay, every time we go back to that mean, let me just assume mean, so every time we go back to that mean, it's like you bearish, and then if you reject, you look for the first touch of the minus one in this case, and then, well, actually, this is pretty, pretty nice like that is.
 I'm sure it was for, yeah, October September. Yeah, I think it was 24. I can double check that.
 But I think that, I remember, I think that was the last CBI. So you anchor that there, and then let me just, I don't have interest, I want to see this one. Yeah, they get so 24.
 Yeah, you get that nice move up, and then you keep below it. So that RTH, sorry, that anchored VWAP has been kept keeping price down, and actually look at that.
 That is actually that this, yeah, this was nice then, you know, like, you're looking back. This was nice. When we looked above it, we actually had that big angle from that CBI print.
 So, hmm, that's interesting, isn't it? And we are touching that lower band, doing that D shape. Do we have to go to the minus one?
 It would be nice. It would be nice. Until, while we're below this, the last third box, I would say there's the probability still on the table to go down there.
 But yeah, that's it on that view up. There's not too much about it. So lose one, look for the next one, lose the next one, look for the next one, and so on and so forth.
 Yeah, good weekend. I went to see some fireworks.
 Yeah, I've got it here, open up. We do have a little bit of bullish divergence here. It's slightly, actually, not really. So, very, no, it's obviously that reset though. Let me just see if I can put this.
 What's that there, minus one? But yeah, I mean, look at the opening trust. We're getting an absolute. It's still 1.1. Yeah, what was the height there? 1.3.
 OK, 2. All right, OK. Yeah, it's, it's.
 I can go on a 15 minute. Let this load.
 Back to trading view. Yeah, I'll see locally to see what's going on.
 Questions.
 There.
 We could have a few.
 I'm going to have to minimize this because it gets coming up.
 It's always nice when you see a low like this, but it's still early because you'd have to.
 Yeah, you'd have to at least tap above that 96. You can see their previous day high. You'd have to go above that.
 Until then, even if you look above and fail, you can still make another low. But yeah, it does look better than any of the lows we've seen thus far.
 You know, this one was ugly. This one was better, but it never took a previous high. So it's nice when you have then the range look below and then you take the high.
 That will be a little bit different. But up. But you know, so far, it's not.
 Yeah, and on the bike. But actually you do have this poor structure down here.
 And again, you'd have to collect one, two, three. Yeah, you'd have to break that. You have a naked point of control just above. You can see there.
 So you have this 97 K. So yeah, while below there, you're going to have, you know, all of those trapped. I mean, do we have many shorts down there? We can have a look.
 I have to enable the volume. We just see the weekly very quick. Yeah, we do have that big point of control and monthly.
 It's fair to say that that gap that we just marked is actually really good. Look at that. This is by bit. Look at that single.
 That is, you know, it's nice when across the multiple exchanges, you actually get the nice respect still. So we just tap, you know, the value area high for the month down here, as you can see.
 And what we can do, actually, because this is the monthly, what we can do, this is going to disappear, but we'll just quickly go on to delta and we'll see. So minus 31, yeah, it's all minus here.
 I just delete value. There you go. So you can see here, this is all negative.
 So you're going with your comment, we have 31 20. It's not a lot but it's a bit okay.
 Um, actually, the whole profile is parish 78 minus minus minus minus minus minus minus
 minus minus minus minus minus minus minus minus minus minus minus minus minus minus minus
 minus minus minus minus minus minus. Wow. There is a lot of shorts down here. Put it
 this way. It's above a hundred K and it's above that point of control. The moment you
 claim a hundred and two five. Expect some fireworks, real fireworks. Okay. The type
 of fireworks that it's going to swallow all this up very quickly at least to that single
 up there at 90 or 17. Um, so yeah, it's starting to come to fruition. Um, but how nice it would
 be to just have another purge on this and trap even more trade is done here. This is when
 it really opens the doors for that, you know, those candles that are like three, four or
 five K now, I mean, they used to be 10 K if you all remember. Uh, but yeah, that's nice
 actually that that's, that's a really good observation. Um, and you know that when the
 market obviously claims those values, it just gets going for now. You have the single in
 between O and P there. So you've got the single print here. So, uh, which is our level that
 97, um, to 98 that we've just marked. So we, we, we're well within, you know, like the
 higher timeframe, you know, profiles. So, you know, that's where our alerts are sitting.
 We know that that the shape here is actually good. We've got excess. You can see right
 there on this profile. It's starting to look good, but I still think it's a little bit
 too early because obviously we are still, you know, one time framing down. So we need
 to wait a little bit, but it's nice to see that we are bouncing from the untested monthly
 value area high that we'd never tested back when we broke out of it. We didn't actually
 tested it. Um, and then obviously we have that inefficiency. So between, I'll show
 you here. So this is the, this is the inefficiency that we're working through. So all of those
 singles that we saw in the CME, it kind of merries and matches with buy bit. So this
 is lovely. It's lovely to see. Um, so that's what I would like to see. Um, because there's
 little value here. Okay. I know value high is at the top because we had quite a bit of
 volume up here. We had one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine days there
 of sideways action before the break. So that, um, is that range that should we really look
 below and take all of these stops? I will be like, okay, this is good. But let's see
 if we can get at least that single. So until we are one time framing down on daily, I will
 entertain the idea as soon as we break that one time framing down on the daily to up, which
 means breaking above that, then I'll be okay. Well, actually one time framing there will
 be a little bit lower, but once that happens, sorry, up here, once that happens, I'll be
 switching. Um, but until then, let's remain with this. Um, yeah, we've got the levels
 marked now. So let's, let's follow the plan there. If the value levels off there and it
 changes to the upside is that cluster slight consolidation. Uh, yes, for the b for the
 D profile, that's right. So if you, if you have value, okay, let's say the value is currently
 built. Well, it built here. So currently you're at fair value. If you go back above and start
 printing that profile here, then tomorrow when you come up to the market, you know, okay,
 well, we are now building value above. Um, is this the weekly high because the moment,
 then that's why sometimes you need an extra day just to confirm. Um, the problem sometimes
 by waiting to, to, to long is that the risk becomes a little bit bigger. Um, but a lot
 of traders don't mind having a little bit bigger risk being a little bit more, let's
 say later, but then having that massive, you know, trade one that it's actually, you
 know, it's going to stay a little bit longer. Um, but yeah, absolutely. Um, I think I've
 changed my, it doesn't matter. Actually, if you, if you, if you leave it, I think, yeah,
 I think that I actually like that. Or did I change them as well? Um, yeah, no, I have
 actually, I've actually changed them. Um, I've actually changed mine to, and this should
 be three actually. Let me just see. Did I change back? Let me just see if I have the
 impaired. Should finish it. Yeah, it is. Yeah. So I've changed my, so mine, you can see
 this. So it's, it's, it's looking at New York, New York. It's, it's, it's easier, honestly.
 Just make sure you have America, a New York, and then obviously 936 to four. Um, and, and
 the reason I did this, it's because as a coach, it's really hard. You are one person and then
 you see me, I'm one person, but we speak to so many traders and they're everywhere. Um,
 so I thought, I mean, I'm the one that everybody keeps asking about, but what about my time?
 Well, I don't know. I have no idea. You know, it, it confuses the crap out of me. I, honestly,
 I, that's one thing I don't like. It's time zones, you know, time change forward backwards
 one hour here. One, I hate all of that stuff. You know, why can't we just have this is the
 open and this is the close globally as in, like, and then obviously go back, you know,
 your hours. I can understand that five hours, obviously, um, you know, like, you know, plus
 and minus, but I just hate when they change it plus one hour, mines one hour for war. What's
 the reason for it? It's just rubbish. Anyway, so I've made it New York. So when people ask
 me, this is what I say. This is what I'm using and it's easy. They, they can then adjust
 it to their, you know, New York time UTC. I mean, um, uh, yeah, ETH or RTH. I think,
 I think it's easy. It's got to be easier. Um, so, you know, there is, that's what I'm
 using, uh, right there. So, you know, it's, um, so I'm using the New York. So can't go
 wrong now. So it's New York. And then on the profiles, it's what I've got on at us, but
 it's, uh, quanted out. It's the same, 930 to four. And then the other one is six will be,
 um, 6 p.m. That's when exactly when it opens. And that's going to be, for example, in, uh,
 in London will be 23, uh, 11 o'clock, uh, in the evening. And then it'll go all the way
 up to two 30, which is nine 30. Okay. So the two 30 in London or Europe, uh, depending
 on where you are, Portugal and stuff like that, it will be, uh, nine 30 New York type.
 Okay. That's it. I hope that also makes sense. Uh, it took me a while to, uh, to change that
 and get my hair around a bit. That's what I'm going to use now. Uh, so yeah. Oh, I see
 what you mean. Ah, very nice. I see what you mean. Uh, good, good, good. Um, but you have
 a baby. Good. Best thing. Yes. Absolutely. Um, um, um, uh, is this, uh, yes. Yes. Good
 to use. Yes. It is good. It is good. Uh, you will not have, um, let me just cherry. You
 will, it will not be like this very detailed, but it's, it's very close to it. It is very
 close to it. Like this is really, really highly detailed. Um, uh, you could say, to me, I've
 seen this many times. It's the best I've seen ever period. Um, Sierra charts, um, um, quant
 hour, sorry. Um, that is, uh, exit charts. You know, all of those that I've tested so
 far, even Ninja trader, you know, all of them, all of them and more. This is the best I've
 seen, like hands down the best, even a tinker swim. I've looked at it and this one just
 beats it. I've seen so many and I've tested so many and I'm a market profiled trader.
 And this is by far the best I hope and I will push for it. Don't change it anything here
 now apart from labels. That's it. Don't do anything else to this. Just keep it as that.
 This is like honestly insane, like an insane market profile. So if you don't use quant
 tower, just drop 200 quid in what's it called? Ampe or whatever and at least get the free
 version, you get access to this and just pay the monthly, um, obviously, uh, feed to get
 your data because this is like top notch. Um, nice. Can you explain a bit about the bullish
 and the bearish gap fuel structure? Um, yeah. So we are below this gap here. So you can see
 the low actually, let's take this up a notch. So you have this gap here. So currently the
 market is trending down and you have this is a gap. So this is a gap and this is, you
 know, the trade desks, let's think about institutional. They're opening this, this charts and they'll
 have TPO but they'll have a chart which is broken in like, um, let me just show you here,
 they'll have a chart which will be broken in a half. Uh, let me just put up my thing here
 and we can look, we can look at this one. They'll have a chart which is broken. So you'll have
 this. So if I just remove that and I'm going to have to hide under my drawings, um, they'll
 be looking at this. So they're going to wake up. Let's, let's suppose that this is BTC here.
 They're going to wake up. They're going to get to their, this like seven AM eight to start
 getting their plans and they're going to look actually, he, we don't have a gap. This gap
 has actually been filled. Uh, if I just put that, you can see, uh, let's, uh, yeah, there
 you go. So this gap has actually been filled. You can see because they don't look at that
 as the gap. They look at this because this is the whole day. Right. Okay. So let me just
 see. I'm actually, let me bring BTC is probably easier. Uh, give me a sec. Okay. So what we're
 going to do, we're going to hide the overnight and there you go. Perfect. This is good. So
 this is what they're going to look out. They have, which is the same as the market profile.
 The market profile just keeps you all over the next information. So if you go from the low
 to this high, there you go. There's your RTH gap. So while price is below this section here,
 so this I'm going to extend a little bit so you can see. So that's the low and that's the high.
 Okay. So that is the gap. Okay. And then today price is already trading here. They don't care
 about this. Okay. Because the volume is too low. Um, this volume was actually okay. So they have
 the low here. So if price is trading below this low with a gap lower, let's say price opens down
 here. Well, clearly you have another gap just like this one. So on Friday, price opened
 down here. Okay. So this was the open. That was the close of the initial session. We came
 close to fill the gap, but it did not fill the gap and it shows the gap wasn't filled. So lower
 prices come. Um, and then obviously today, if you're inside value, but if you open below, you've
 got a bearish gap, go with a gap. Okay. Um, and, and obviously you're trading in, in, in the chop zone,
 which is value. So if then price comes up here, it fills that gap. Okay. That's still bearish
 because it's just repairing what an inefficiency that left. However, if we get above it and then
 hold it support, then, you know, you, you've kind of like you're shifting, especially if we open
 with a gap up, let's say you open above this. That's when you say, okay, we've got a, we've got
 a bullish abandoned baby because this right here will be left below. So let's say we, we start trading,
 we just mark it and hold control here. So let's say we start open here and we don't fill this gap.
 We just trade, let's say a tick or two ticks lower and then start trading higher and then close this
 candle here. Then you have a candle that looks like this and then this candle here looks like so.
 So you have the open, okay, open here went higher a little bit and then obviously closed went lower
 and then closed here. So you have this definitely bearish move there. So that's the open. That's how
 it looks like on a daily. You have this as a candle here with the steps with that stem higher.
 And then you have this one. So this becomes a bullish abandoned baby because it has a gap to the
 downside and it has a gap to the outside. So this is a change. It's an absolute change. We don't have
 this, but when we'd have it, we can clearly say, okay, well, there is we and here's the,
 here's the bearish one. Okay, here's the bearish kind of like case. You have, let me just mark this.
 It's so important, honestly, like you've got like the top, you've got the low, okay, and you've got
 then this day that opens up here, okay, comes all the way down, goes all the way back there,
 close up there, but look at the next day, you open and then you come to retest it, you know,
 that same level. That's what the market is looking at, but it doesn't. So that kind of like,
 it's not per se a bearish. Let me just delete everything, remove all the rules. Yeah. So it's not
 per se a bearish abandoned baby because you actually pretty much filled it. You can see that it's
 filled filled, but you can see how the market is looking at these levels here because that's exactly
 when it's pivoting. It's pivoting exactly not. It's not like, I mean, this is low risk. If you like
 it, taking a trade here in the market, you know, risking money. It's not like sometimes you have
 to allow like, you know, 1%, you know, that's ludicrous. Like here is just like just a few ticks.
 I mean, we're talking about like, I mean, this is the CME, which, you know, you can see it. So it's
 big money. And that's $300 there in terms of ticks. That's ridiculous here. It's 1,200. And you can
 see that it's not much than this here. But you know, this is keeping the risk tight. And it looks
 like this on the market profile. Obviously you get then all the day to get the value get everything
 like very compressed. So super, super clean and easy to use. But that's what sort of like the gaps
 with the RTH sessions look like. And then you can just frame your plans around it. And then
 that's when you know, okay, well, if we're opening up here, you've got gap down, gap up, you know,
 price move left, obviously down here, that's kind of like bullish, right, where you want to expect,
 you know, higher prices for now, we're trading at that point of control, which is that shop area.
 And how you show again, how to enable volume profile in QT. I've got it all on. I've got it all by,
 you know, hotkeys. So I'll be mines. I just do I've got everything. Oops, this one.
 I've got everything like, like, if I press D, there you go, it comes back up. This is for the daily.
 If I press W, the weekly comes up. If I press V, the VWAP comes up, like there you go. So there's
 the VWAP. If I press N, the new VWAP will come up. There you go. That's the new VWAP. I've got
 everything with shortcuts. If I want to hide the levels, I hide them like this, hide the volume,
 hide the thing, hide the profile. And then if I want to just look at, okay, where's the daily
 hide a low previous day? I'll just click on my mouse and there you go. So there's the daily high
 so far. There's the daily low so far. You know, where's the overnight trading? I can just click on
 show me the overnight trading. There you go. We open. We came down to, I think at the time,
 this was a single print that I marked last night when I was doing my plan. And there you go. So
 if I show the levels, there you go. That you've got the previous month point of control, single
 prints. That's where you kind of like got that nice little bounce overnight. But that's the overnight
 low as well. So yeah, this is all the levels. And we're kind of just topping here. Just in front of
 the severance anchor, a session volume point of control there for that a session and the previous
 month value area high and previous week open. So we kind of like staying below there. You can see
 the respect. I love this. I love that we got access to these levels. And it doesn't matter if I'm
 looking at 10 days, 50 days, whatever, it just always shows the exact level, which is nice.
 So yeah, quantile for the win. I'm sorry, but you know, this is just, you know, really good.
 And then obviously I can change all the time frames very quickly just by clicking a button.
 And I think that is just unmatchable. And it's super clean, crisp. You've got the CBD, you've
 got open interest. Well, not open interest on the future, but everything is here. Obviously,
 this is overnight. It's not printing. I'm not really chasing that. But there you go. You can
 see everything there, volume, delta, and CBD for this RTH sessions. So yeah, and then if you don't
 want to see any of that stuff, if it's too flooded, you can just go like this and there you go.
 There's your daily profiles. That looks very similar to this. And that's what I track and it's
 very successful. But that's how you do it. And yet for the volume profiles, you can just press
 D and there you go. It will come and just start printing there. And then it will just look back.
 This one. Yeah, if I just enable there you go. So you can see all of the profiles.
 And we did bounce from a previous month value area low there. Just look a little low and jump
 again on the other day. So yeah, that's how you enable and you take it off. It takes a couple of
 seconds to load, but they're all there. And then obviously they extend forward. So this is an
 untested value, untested value, untested point of control. That's also a previous week point of
 control out there. And there's value area low. Oh yeah, if you're watching any trading D and Q,
 there's your level there. You can confirm with yours. It's all there. I think that will be it.
 I'm just going to mark the levels on my own time for those boxes. And I'm going to paste this
 on Discord. I'm going to take one more look at the chat to make sure that the questions are all in.
 But yeah, so going into today, keep an eye on this little bounce up to at least that 97k,
 which is the value area high pivot and previous day EQ. If we reject here, then that's a nice
 place to potentially bring it down. We do have the open there. We have all of this confluence,
 but because it's a weekly open, I don't see this as support here under settlement from Friday,
 I would expect this to just go down to the overnight low. And whatever we print up here,
 that could potentially even still be weekly high. And then potentially go back down to this level
 because we're still trading now. Okay, if we start reclaiming these levels, then I'll be like,
 okay, well, with the D-shaped context, you know, the stems, both of them, single prints, okay,
 maybe there's a chance that we could go back inside and reclaim that 100k. But BTC's got a
 lot of work to do in that. Not that. Where's the chat there? Oh, this one.
 I am new to order flow. Which one do you recommend at us at exit charts or cuando?
 Unbiased approach. At us is really good. Love at us. Quantower, a little bit more sort of like
 polished around the edges. More options on that. So it's really up to you. Install both. You've
 got access to both. Install both. Test it. Try it and see which one sticks for you.
 They both equally as good. I would say absolutely no exo. Just go with access or cuando. That's
 it. That's my two preferred options. And yeah, at this is really good. So yeah, you've got nothing
 to worry about. You know, both of them equally as good. I prefer cuando, but you know, that's
 just a preference. But you might load at this. I actually I'll settle for this. It's very good.
 That is using several users. So yeah, this is it. You guys are blessed to have, you know, both of
 best ways really. The best of both worlds is what I meant. Just to stick 10. Yeah. Or even 25 depends.
 If the range is too tight, you might find that you're going to have to increase the ticks a little
 bit or decrease depending on the boxes. You can just see like if you get too many like, for example,
 here, I think I should bring this down a bit. I think this is 25 here. I could bring this to 10 now.
 And I'll probably have a little bit better. Yeah, they go. But then it becomes a little bit too thin,
 right? So that D shape starts to look a bit more like a training day. So it's it's it's you know,
 you can quickly start losing what's actually happening. No, sorry, mate. Yeah, too long,
 otherwise the stream. Thank you for that. As we see close first weekly below the 50 SMA,
 does that trigger the yearly phase of a bear market? And typically, okay, we already on the
 bear market, the moment you start the moment you start trading below the 200 simple, you're already
 on the bear market. And you know, on Coinbase, we actually been there for a while now. If I show you,
 I don't have to show you just low that Coinbase and see where that, you know, trend line is quite
 far away. Actually, it's much much higher. So, you know, while we're below the 200, you are in a bear
 market. Technically, these key levels are still not working for me on QT, bear a version loss update,
 but does not show up. Make sure, okay, if you right click on your chart, I don't use the beta,
 but if you right click on your chart, okay, and you go to view, do you have this view thing here,
 and then go to price levels. If you have this, just enable the ones you want to see,
 tell me now, do you have this right click, go to view, and then price levels, and they're all here,
 previous month, you know, everything is here. So, if they're all enabled, but you can't see them,
 it's because on my template that I shared, I made them so that they are enabled, all of the ones I
 want to see, but they're on a hotkey, meaning that if I just click up, boom, they all come up.
 That's because you need to, on this little high ball that you can't see,
 behind my webcam, there's a high ball, you can click on that, and you've got a thing saying,
 show and hide all price levels. So, if I click on that now, there you go, they all disappear,
 and that's like a hotkey. So, I made it so that that hotkey, when I press it, it just hides and
 shows. So, it's easy when I'm trading, because sometimes I don't want to be here like, you know,
 if I know what I'm trading, or you know, which level is coming up there. For example, here,
 what do we have? We've got all of this confluence done here, previous day, let me just zoom in,
 we've got previous week low, weekly open, blah, blah, blah, everything done here, okay. So,
 if we go through there, I know this is support, so I can just then disable it, and just trade
 price action, rather than looking at levels and getting confused, previous day equilibrium,
 previous day open, previous day high. So, all of these levels, when I know it's coming, I can just
 hide them, and then focus on whatever. So, if it's not there, it's because it's not available on that
 version yet. I know they are still tweaking, and even for crypto, it's starting to work now,
 here. Look, they've been adjusting these things. So, it's all here, previous day high, blah, blah,
 you can say daily high, printing properly, this is by bit as well, previous week low,
 there you go, open. So, yeah. Got a lot of questions.
 This is, Igor, is this the morning routine, the building plans and con? Yes, I tend to follow
 pretty much the same plan every day, but this one is taking longer because there's a lot of
 questions, and I don't mind because I'll be trading a little bit late today, I'm flat for the session
 that's far. I'll be going through this. So, I'll be looking at the RTH marking the gaps, marking the
 simple moving average, keeping it very simple, and then I'll be going over this plan here, which
 is shared, and then going through this. And then I'll mark, obviously, I'm not going to do it now,
 but I'll be doing, for example, first level 97, and this is the first, so 97, 0, 20. So,
 that's going to be the first, actually, I'm going to do it very quickly, and then we can finish.
 And then the second one is going to be 98, 690, 690, and then last but not least will be the kind
 of like line in the sand changing, and it's 100k, 495, 495, so that's the three levels to the outside.
 Down side, we're going to go for 92,000, there's 685, and then second one will be
 there will be 90, 320, so 90, 320, and then last but not least will be all the way down at 86,
 420, and it's there about 86, 420, and that's all of those boxes, which we've confirmed with
 confluences from VWAP's RTH gaps, and yeah, other confluences and pivots as well, so pivots
 very good here, as well as those higher time frame levels, so then we can just pop this all
 into a box or a zone, and we can call it boxes, or targets, or whatever you want to call it,
 not boxers, boxes, boxes, and then we can just hide the crap out of this, and that can go in there,
 that can go in there, and that's kind of like we can just call it the plan for today, actually
 this one goes in there, and then this one is from the other day, there you go, yes, and this is
 what we kind of follow, and typically I follow value, okay, on this plan, and then I'm just going
 to mark my 97 alert, and that's it, and it's just below that, and my next support, and I'll just be
 tracking this, so I will not trade until one of those alerts go off, because I've got my plan,
 I prefer the shorts because we are still trending down, if we reclaim that previous day high, I'll
 be on alert, okay, something is changing here, but not quite confirmed yet, because we need a daily
 close, because we're looking at the daily, and so on and so forth, okay, not too much stuff, honestly,
 in my opinion, it's pretty easy to follow, and then these two big ones here on the left, so this is
 the daily volume profile, you know, we want to see this, like if this is to be the low, okay,
 if this is to be the low, we want to see this rejection, low volume, we want to see then value
 bill above here, this is the beginning stage of a nice lobbying form, but it's not confirmed yet,
 okay, until we go all the way up to 100k, so yeah, you can see there that it's got a lot of work to
 do, okay, and until then, yeah, that's it, so I'm just going to go back to here just to wrap it up,
 nice, nice, and yeah, and there you go, I always take a little bit more time
 to go through these streams, because I am teaching as well, you know, you guys are here for this,
 thanks, I would keep it 10 now, for now, to be honest, yeah, keep it for 10, keep it 10,
 only go 25 when you get really big training days, okay, but because we're now getting
 tighter done here at this value, you can go back to 10, that's what I have on Quantower,
 this is great, thanks, you are very welcome, okay, that's it, this is a long update, wow,
 yeah, thank you, and I'll see you in a chat, goodbye.
 [Music]
