 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪ Jason Hunts ♪
 ♪ All the building trust ♪
 ♪♪
 ♪ Am I ♪
 ♪ Great in time ♪
 ♪ Just to feel your love ♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪ Jason Hunts ♪
 ♪ All the building trust ♪
 ♪♪
 ♪ Am I ♪
 ♪ Great in time ♪
 ♪ Just to feel your love ♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪♪
 ♪ Good morning traders ♪
 ♪ Hello and welcome to this morning update ♪
 ♪ Today is the 24th ♪
 ♪ Wow, another week ♪
 ♪ And we are in Porto ♪
 ♪ Good morning, good morning, good morning, good morning everybody ♪
 ♪ I hope you are all doing really well ♪
 ♪ And ready for another week of trading ♪
 ♪ Please, as usual, give me the quick sound check ♪
 ♪ And then we may proceed ♪
 ♪ With the morning update ♪
 ♪ So we have Sunday's good, John, thank you ♪
 ♪ There, we've got a theory's there, David, Naruto Fluffy ♪
 ♪ Sounded room, Undertaker, Dixie, some contenders in the house here on this morning ♪
 ♪ With that's a Powell, Jacob, Kraft, Dark, Gus, Nick, 24, free energy ♪
 ♪ H-1-P-S-M-E-S ♪
 ♪ Cold, Kraft, Moon, Dream, a good morning ♪
 ♪ BK, Crypto, Crypto, Kev's move on ♪
 ♪ Invest, Hustle ♪
 ♪ Sign, P-S-79 ♪
 ♪ Chickalette, Kingsmith, Jaincy, John, Mihameek, Dr. Sculp, Love, Marco, Roger, Marcelo ♪
 ♪ Eddie, Bonjour, Bonjour, Bondilla, Bonjour, Bonjour, Bonjour, no ♪
 ♪ Good to mornin', something like that ♪
 ♪ Anyway, good morning, good morning ♪
 ♪ Right, let's dive in, let's dive into the charts ♪
 ♪ So, let's start with the higher time frame ♪
 ♪ Yeah, any issues, let me know, any questions you may have ♪
 ♪ Just pop them in the chat ♪
 ♪ Yeah, let's dive straight in because ♪
 ♪ So, we've been seeing this nice, obviously, downtrend on Friday ♪
 ♪ We obviously saw the lows around those 81, $1,000 on BTC ♪
 ♪ And then, obviously, this morning, we're trading slightly above through the gap ♪
 ♪ This is the gap that we had before ♪
 ♪ Actually, let me just mark it so you can actually see ♪
 ♪ Where's that, where's the gaps, there you go ♪
 ♪ So, it's always funny how, hang on, let me just adjust my sound here ♪
 ♪ Give me a second, 'cause I think this is a little bit ♪
 ♪ There you go ♪
 ♪ Yeah, it's always nice to see these gaps acting as like those kind of magnets ♪
 ♪ Where price likes to, you know, front run, go through overnight ♪
 ♪ And then, come back up overnight ♪
 ♪ So, the RTH kind of like tends to just like leave them in the middle ♪
 ♪ But yeah, that's where, obviously, we are ♪
 ♪ In the grand scheme of things here, we are still making lower lows, lower highs ♪
 ♪ Let me just hide the profiles, and then we'll get that in a minute ♪
 ♪ But in the higher timeframe, you can see that, well, even on the, this is a 30-minute chart, obviously ♪
 ♪ But you can see we're making lower lows here on all of this chart ♪
 ♪ And then, obviously, a big, lower low there, and obviously we can see this base here ♪
 ♪ You know, like that kind of like nice formation that we want to see ♪
 ♪ But, you know, it is still one time framing down there ♪
 ♪ Even on this local structure, you can see clearly, lower lows, lower highs ♪
 ♪ Into the lows down there, oops, let me just do this ♪
 ♪ So, yeah, this is still rather a bearish chart ♪
 ♪ And, yeah, for those on the higher timeframe, you know, it tends to be a nice spot to pick up some, obviously cheap, cheap BDC lowest we've had in quite a few months ♪
 ♪ And, yeah, we did see a nice spike in volume ♪
 ♪ I mean, actually, when you look at this here, you can actually see the systematic buying, right? There's lows typically you get, like, through RTH, you get a spike, spike, spike, spike ♪
 ♪ But we've seen the past few days, like, quite a nice, kind of, like, increase ♪
 ♪ I mean, let me just make this a little bit higher, so you can see ♪
 ♪ We've seen quite a lot of interest down here, so, yeah, it's just something to be aware of ♪
 ♪ Same on the futures, we saw quite a nice bit of interest down there at the lows on the futures ♪
 ♪ But, yeah, let's, as always, what I like to remind people is, just stay patient, just stay calm, collected, avoid any headlines that are not from good sources ♪
 ♪ And, because I know a lot of people get really stuck into these charts, and they let the emotions get the better of traders ♪
 ♪ And it shouldn't be like that, like, you know, we're mature traders, and we let the trade come to us, we're patient, we wait for those good opportunities, we are zooming out and we're really looking at everything, not just, obviously, the headlines, the news that they did, et cetera.
 Mainly at the charts, and then the data just makes that volatility increase at those key areas and stuff.
 So, yeah, just for what I'd say that, because a lot of people get quite overwhelmed by, you know, these drops, these pullbacks and stuff on the stock market as well.
 So, yeah, just always be patient and calm.
 But let's just start with the plan very quickly here, so I just wanted to pull up the monthly.
 Actually, I'm going to go back a little bit, so just to start here, so I'm just going to mark this very quickly, just to see where we are within this, like, massive 12 months range.
 Okay, all good, still one time, coming higher, six months, same thing as well, so if we just go from here to there, we're actually at the kind of, like, buy zone, let me just put this on the actual, we just delete these two above the low, the negatives.
 There you go, so you can see right out of that nice zone from the previous month, that's not including, obviously, I never do it, including the current candle, I want to see what happened before, okay, always very important.
 But here's where things get interesting, let's go, so monthly, monthly is well and truly, one time, we have tested the big monthly, so this is the big, you know, SR support, you know, the big, big, big ones.
 So you've got all of this range here, obviously broke out and now we're retesting that.
 We also have, this is the 20 month moving average, this is what I was saying, higher timeframe, this is the place where we don't want to be sellers, okay, we don't want to be sellers on here.
 These pullbacks tend to be bought, even if they break later, then people are more than happy to just say, okay, well, that didn't play out, this could be a really bearish trend, so I'm out of this trade, but this is where typically risk starts to come back on to the table from, you know, long-term time traders and investors.
 Weekly, okay, weekly.
 And I'm just keeping the moving average here, just to make sure that you can see the higher timeframe, you know, they're all pointing up still apart from, you know, the 20s now moving down and the 50s there.
 But we are hugging now, the 100 week moving average there, okay, so we, you know, went into it with the monthly and then pulling back, okay, back up, back inside the range, but still looking very bearish, you can see one time from in down.
 So we're both weekly and monthly, one time, bringing down, and then finally, the daily.
 So on the daily here, we've lost that 200.
 This was also the anchor view up there.
 And actually, let's just mark that anchor view up, is this the big one here?
 There you go.
 So since we've lost that anchor view up, we've gone through the second deviation.
 We didn't.
 The second day to make the swing low, we didn't close above, we closed below.
 So you can see, so you open, close, and then the next day, you close below that, and then again, to make the swing low into the monthly down there.
 Not quite touched that standard deviation number two, but it would be nice if we didn't, actually, to be known.
 Because I think if we go there now, I think we're going to make a new low.
 I'm going to now just mark those three things there.
 So as we can see, all three time frames, one time, bringing down.
 So not balanced, not up, still one time, going down, down, and we go down here, and down as well.
 We do this every day, so there's nothing new here.
 I'm just going to take a quick look here.
 We've got a short week this week, thanksgiving over in the US.
 So let's go Monday, and I'm going to put this on high volatility only.
 Monday, Nyada, Tuesday, we have the PPI and retail sales.
 Good figure tomorrow at six, seven, thirty, eastern, Wednesday.
 Building permits, durable, consume goods, and then we've got the core of PCE.
 Okay, so Tuesday and Wednesday, two good days.
 And then obviously there's going to be nothing here because it's going to be a short week this week.
 So make sure you add those.
 But as for today, there's nothing, so I'm not going to mark anything in here.
 So this is going to be non applicable, we just do an eight.
 And here's the different, I mean, the sticky thing.
 Down here, I will never be the one to putting risk on in terms of shorts.
 Okay, I will not be that person.
 I have bought some spot, and I think from myself, and I know a lot of people sometimes they don't understand certain things.
 And then I get confused between spot investments to just trading the asset.
 And that's not the case.
 It's very much like, you know, like we have not been here just one week, one day.
 One month, one year, we've been here a long time now.
 So for me, you know, it's not the first time, it's not the first pullback, it's not the first time adding into something.
 So, you know, you always have to know where we are in cycles and stuff.
 And for me, I felt like this is a good place to start adding a little bit back in, you know, a little bit risk from, you know, profits that we've been taking over this year.
 I mean, if you all remember back in March, April, we, you know, we invested in the stock market, you know, we sold, you know, actually we sold not too far from even April.
 You know, at the end of August, we were collapsing some trades already.
 So you can see that it's, you know, it's very relative.
 So yeah, I've added a little bit back into my long term portfolio here on BTC, and I shared exactly when I was buying it.
 So it's all underscored.
 But what I was going to say is I'm never going to be doing risk on, let me put this bigger.
 I'm never going to be putting risk on in terms of like, you know, taking shorts, you know, down here.
 I'd much prefer to see this now lose the range low, okay, down here, and then make another informed decision when and if we get there.
 Okay.
 I hope that makes sense.
 Okay.
 So it's, for me, it's kind of like, it's risk on in terms of like investing long term, but I'm going to put N.A. just like neutral here.
 Like, just think about it as neutral because even though it's more for investing rather than obviously being selling the lows.
 I hope that makes sense.
 And now we can take a look at just very quickly the RTH.
 I'm going to hide these and give you apps in the monthly and we're going to take out the RTH gaps very quickly just to make sure because I know we've got one above.
 And also, I think I've marked this already. Yes, one, two, three and the simple moving averages as well.
 So that's all way above price. I mean, the 200 now is all the way. I mean, this is the thing.
 Like, I have to think of, I have to think about this like an elastic band, right?
 When you let go of it, it goes back to what it needs to be, right?
 You know, we've slingshot this so far below.
 And I typically want to see that kind of magnet back up and then we can talk here about potentially taking a short trade long term, but we're not there yet.
 So, you know, just calm collected.
 You know, this is a nice move even if we bounce from here up to, you know, that's another 20%.
 So it's a very nice, but yeah, we kind of like really far away from that mean the average for the daily.
 Okay. So, yeah, those are up to date and we wanted to look at the gaps.
 So let's hide this.
 And let's just zoom in here, just to see and double check that if we've not missed anything.
 That's it.
 I'm just going to put the upper gap here just to see what are the confluence we have there gap.
 Okay. So because that's why I deleted that.
 Okay. Because we've gone through that gap, we caused the new gap.
 So then I delete the top of the gap.
 I keep the gap field from the left.
 Okay. This is very important.
 So this is the low.
 This is the field gap field.
 So, but because on Friday, we slush through that we open below.
 Then what I'm using is I'm using that fill.
 Okay, because that's super important and then the new gap field.
 So going through back to the high here of this gap then becomes a gap field on RTH.
 But currently it is not filled as you can see price close to here.
 Okay. That makes sense again.
 Super important.
 And we can take a look and see now any gaps to the upside.
 So that's the lowest one.
 We could actually now move it because it's literally right at the top.
 So we can actually afford to put that there.
 What a thought.
 That's a very funny word.
 Let's go.
 So that will be now.
 That would be one of the gaps.
 Okay. It's super important to do things.
 Okay. And then above, we really don't have anything until we've got all the way up to that 200.
 No, actually, even even higher than that.
 That's really high.
 So we're going to have to put an anchored VWAP here from that 200.
 So that 200 was coming in the hitting here.
 I'm going to go with the high.
 So let's go with the high.
 93, 660.
 So that's the monthly here.
 I think I'm going to have to mark this.
 Yeah. 660. I'm going to put 650.
 Just give or take.
 Okay.
 And then we can delete that.
 Oops.
 Now I'm going to put A.
 Okay.
 From this local pivot down.
 Okay. Let's just hide this very quickly there.
 That one can stay.
 Okay.
 I'll name this later.
 Okay. Fine.
 This is all done.
 We know what's happening here.
 And I'm going to put this back to the bar so I can follow that price structure.
 And also, we did get a 13 on here.
 I'm just going to show you very quickly.
 We have got a 13.
 A 13 doesn't mean buy.
 Okay. A 13.
 Someone is saying the volume is not too loud.
 Okay.
 Maybe check now.
 Should be okay.
 I'm a bit closer to the microphone.
 Yeah. A 13 doesn't mean a buy.
 Okay.
 A 13 could potentially mean a reversal.
 But obviously we have to go with structure and other things.
 Okay.
 But it does signal that a trend is getting exhausted.
 But at 13, it's highly like it's a better.
 A better trade if you get a 13 on a nine.
 Okay. So, you know, five, six, seven, eight, nine, and then 13.
 So 13 with a nine on multiple time frames.
 That's when it really, really, really works well.
 And that's kind of like very rare.
 Sometimes it happens even on a lot of time frame.
 But obviously the daily is going to take a little bit longer.
 But we do get a 13 on here.
 And that typically means a little exhaustion on the market.
 Okay.
 Let me just take a quick look at the chat because people were saying about the voice.
 He got a voice.
 Oh yeah.
 Oh yeah.
 Didn't have the work.
 It doesn't matter.
 You know, you guys, you know, at least you got the whole full screen today.
 Okay.
 Sounds like it's fine.
 Okay.
 Good.
 Let's proceed.
 Okay.
 One time framing down, one time framing down key events.
 None of, you know, we don't really have one risk tone.
 This is for you personally, a lot to decide.
 You know, it's still on the, you know, you can see clearly the market is on a risk off.
 However, I'm not going to be doing that down here.
 You know, it's personal.
 Okay.
 So we've done the gaps.
 We've done the things.
 Let's do previous day value.
 Obviously this one's super important.
 We always look at value.
 We let the market profile kind of organize all of the competition, all of the sentiment
 for that.
 We always hide price.
 We just want to really purely focus on that value.
 And I'm going to also hide the gaps here.
 And we're going to just go straight to there.
 So previous day, which is here, we're going to move this down now.
 And this is when myself, we always like to leave the previous because that's where we're going
 into.
 So that one is going to be important.
 We're going to move it down, but I'm going to keep an eye on that 88, 840.
 Okay.
 But, you know, technically the previous value is down at 85, 100.
 I'm actually going to put 85, 100.
 There you go.
 85, 100 and value very low.
 We're currently sitting on it, but that's the 650.
 The POC for the session is at 6, 7, 5.
 And the settlement is at 600.
 So let's pop the settlement.
 Literally right there.
 Oops.
 So settlement is literally here.
 So that's going to be good support here.
 So we have, can't quite put this on 6.
 There you go.
 So 84, 6.
 So this is going to be good support, especially we've got value very high.
 Sorry, value very high point of control and time.
 And settlement all around the same key area.
 And we're just coming down to retest that Friday's high RTH high.
 Just now to boxing that gap that we had.
 So mark it.
 It's long currently.
 Okay.
 So, but yeah, value is indeed lower.
 So we've got value lower here.
 So I'm going to mark that one already.
 So this is a little bit versus prior.
 Okay.
 Lower value.
 So that's a little bit more bearish, as you can see still.
 Somewhat a D shape really.
 I'm just going to look at the price action here to help.
 Oops.
 This one.
 Yeah, you can see three.
 Yeah, definitely a D shape there.
 The long stem below.
 It's not that long to give us that nice P formation.
 It doesn't look like a P.
 Okay.
 For this, I'm going to look at this chart here.
 Let me look just at RTH.
 I'm going to go view.
 I'm just going to put the RTH chart only.
 And then we're going to look.
 Today we're going to look at both.
 Let me just delete this.
 Okay.
 So there's the gap that we're working with.
 We've got J low.
 If I just extend, you'll probably be able to see better.
 So we're currently coming down now.
 Right now to trade inside that gap.
 The low is okay.
 We do have three singles.
 One, two, three.
 And I'm using tick 25.
 So we can even go tick 10, which is, I would say, this very acceptable on tick 10.
 And you can see that the low is actually okay.
 So we do have excess.
 It doesn't mean the low is in, but it means at least if we were to hold above Friday's
 profile today, that would mean that, okay, there's a highly likelihood that this low can stay
 here for a little bit longer because it's a good low.
 Okay.
 So that's all it means.
 It's a good low.
 It's got some excess.
 It means that prices were rejected lower, meaning like price came down later.
 Well, early on D session, a look below and then buyer step right in.
 So it caused that nice one, two, three, four.
 Let me just zoom in so you can actually see what I'm talking about.
 So here D, like all of these singles, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
 Therefore, it's like, okay, if this is to be a low, special on RTH, then we can keep that for a while longer.
 Yeah, the market obviously needs to stay above at least that point of control and settlement,
 which is done here.
 Okay.
 So this is the, and you can see that 84, 660 that we've already marked, you know, kind of
 its confluence with, by the way, his confluence with the order flow here on Quantower.
 And by the way, I did test it at this because there was a big update.
 So I did a big update again.
 Yeah, it's, it's nice.
 So yeah, both platforms, very good.
 But you can see there.
 So point of control, second point of control, settlement right there.
 And also volume and time.
 So if I can extend this, there you go.
 But in terms of liking efficiencies, we're in it.
 So let's mark this.
 So we don't have a poor low or a poor high.
 We do have the gaps.
 So I'm just going to put here NA.
 Actually, let's look above.
 I've got a chat on that screen so I can see what you guys are talking about.
 There you go.
 Yeah, we don't have one here.
 We don't have one here.
 I think the next poor high is actually a 93.
 Look at that.
 It's so far away.
 So you can see how these charts sometimes can be helpful because it can give, it gives you
 a sense of like, okay, well, the next high or poor high that 94 K.
 Let's go to trading view and see this as well.
 Yeah, it's right there.
 Can you see?
 And that was a point of control as well.
 How nice.
 And you can see it here clearly.
 So if I just do this and extend the ray, look boom.
 So you can clearly see trading view doing a good job.
 So look right here, trading view E.
 And then when you look at Quantower, you've got the same point of control.
 So it's very, very similar, same tick size.
 You know, we're using tick 10 here, tick 10, and then on here, we're using tick 10 as well.
 So here we go, tick 10 right there.
 So very, very similar.
 But that right there is where that single print is.
 So let's mark it there.
 I know it's quite high, but we're going to do poor high at 93, 955.
 Yeah, so 93, 955.
 Okay.
 And we don't have poor low, so I'm going to put an A.
 Okay.
 Let's not have to put this in lower caps.
 Let's have a look at the sentiment here.
 Actually, I'm going to do this one one now.
 So sentiment, the best thing to do sentiment, because I get a lot of questions on this still.
 And it's very simple.
 All right.
 Find the midpoint.
 Here's the midpoint.
 I'm actually going to extend this line.
 So let's go to settings together.
 Oops.
 Let's do this again.
 So settings.
 Let's go midpoint, which is the yellow one right there.
 We're going to extend until in some section.
 And there you go.
 So the midpoint, you can clearly see it right there from high to low.
 And it's very much okay.
 Where did we close?
 That's A.
 A means we've closed way above the midpoint.
 So that already is okay.
 The profile is a little bit bullish.
 We open below.
 We close the box.
 So that gives this a bullish candle at the lows with excess.
 You know, a couple of clues now already.
 And then we say, okay, what is sentiment?
 Well, sentiment, you just have to look at fair value.
 Where is fair value?
 Well, fair value is all of this 70% here.
 Okay.
 So this is fair value.
 This is value.
 Okay.
 And where is the fairest?
 The price really spent the most amount of time.
 Let's count the numbers.
 So you've got one, well, definitely not there.
 One, well, definitely not there.
 Two, three, et cetera, et cetera.
 And as it gets hit to the middle, there you get nine.
 So let's zoom in.
 I'll show you the nine.
 So here's the nine.
 There's a nine TPO count there.
 Okay.
 So right there.
 So this is the fairest value.
 So if we close the above the midpoint and we've got, you know, this on the upper bit, then the sentiment is actually a little bit more bullish.
 If it was right in the middle, you could say, okay, it's a little bit neutral.
 If the sent, if the point of, point of control was all the way down here, you say, well, definitely bearish.
 Okay.
 But for now, we can look at this and says, all right, it was slightly, you know, leaning bullish.
 Okay.
 That's what we marking here.
 And it marries what we have on that side.
 We do have a gap, as you can see.
 So the gap is being filled now, but I'm going to let, yeah, I'm going to put gap here because we open all the way up there.
 So you can see here this direction.
 Actually, let me put the candles.
 So you can see that gap and we're just coming down to set to fill that gap.
 Let me just get rid of this.
 See, we do have a gap.
 So watch for that field.
 And then let's mark Friday's VWAP because you can see that this, the targets from Friday, this was Friday's previous RTH VWAP.
 And look how come, look, look how we came into it now for the second time on the overnight.
 So this is what we marked on Friday.
 So Friday, no, Wednesday, I don't know, I can't remember.
 It must have been, yeah, Wednesday, Thursday, rather.
 We came into it.
 We hit it, dropped.
 And then obviously we came into it again and dropped.
 And that is that previous RTH.
 So we're going to do the same thing again and we're going to mark it now for support.
 So we're going to mark it from the 930 open.
 And oh, look at that.
 It's sitting cherished.
 And I'm going to delete the single printouts that can go now.
 But it's sitting right at the value very high.
 So what we're going to do, we're actually going to move this down to, I don't want to overlap too many things, but that's what it is.
 So we're going to go with 100, but it's the same price.
 Might as well just leave it there.
 You know, it's overlapping.
 We could just go like this.
 That's the wrong one.
 Where do we do this?
 And go left.
 Okay, perfect.
 Now we can put this on.
 And you can see we've got two levels there now.
 So that's going to be interesting.
 And that is sitting in at 85, 100.
 So let's mark that there.
 So 85,100.
 Give or take.
 Okay, the overnight we are long and we open right outside.
 So we've opened outside previous value high.
 I'm actually going to put high here to show that is actually quite extended.
 And it's 100% here short.
 And we're already working on that rebalance.
 See this?
 So we open up here and we're already working on that rebalance back inside the fairest value from Friday.
 Okay, super important.
 Price is coming back in.
 Let's just hide price again.
 So if you get about price, let's get rid of that angry VWAP.
 And let's get rid of this two year old scribbles.
 And you can see price is already so open.
 And it's coming back inside that Friday.
 Fair value.
 Okay.
 And I think we're ready to get some targets in here.
 And I'm going to have to start with a good old VWAP.
 I mean, sorry, gap field.
 That's going to be the previous day high.
 Actually, previous day high is actually up here.
 We've just tapped it.
 But the RTH high sits down here at 85, 680.
 Let me just double check that.
 Yep, right there.
 So that's going to be my first level that I kind of want to see.
 Do we whole, I mean, we're right there now.
 So I'm not going to mark it, but just keep an eye on this level.
 Okay.
 So because we literally right here, I'm going to give a different level.
 But just watch this.
 Okay.
 I would prefer a little bit lower to be honest.
 So just watch what happens here with this big impulsive candle into that RTH high.
 But what we're going to mark, we're going to mark the value at a high and could be WAP.
 And that's going to be 85, 100.
 That's going to be the best sort of like.
 Initial first target.
 So 85, 100.
 84, 600.
 And now this is not high time frame.
 This is local time frame.
 This is for today.
 And then I'm going to have to go straight for that value at low.
 But I'm just going to split this and I'm going to see what the S2 is as well.
 You can see how nice this level is.
 So we have this.
 And then one literally just below.
 So this is going to be support.
 You can see it's the fairest values, the point of control.
 So anywhere in between here is going to be nice to see.
 Okay.
 Do we whole go back above it and then we could take that long trade?
 And then it could see like, okay, we've tapped at least one tick above the previous day high right there.
 We can come back in and then go and make another higher high.
 If this is too obviously shift gears here for a little pullback.
 Okay, so we've been going down and down and down.
 Let's see if we can get a little pullback here.
 Flipping this VWAP RTH would be kind of nice.
 And then we could potentially look for at least back up to 91.
 But we'll take a look at those targets.
 Obviously failing to hold this.
 We're going to, yeah, it's going to start to look a little bit more bearish.
 I wouldn't detain this .25 down here, but not really my favorite.
 So let's take a look at some pivots.
 Yeah, you can see the pivot is also there.
 There's nothing else in between.
 That's why I don't really like it so much this level.
 I think if we don't hold this and we build value below, I think we're going to see a new low
 into that previous week low.
 So I'm actually going to go with that.
 In other words, if we don't hold this, I'm going to be looking for a new low to be made into that S1 on there
 that we had before from Friday.
 So I'm going to mark 80,000.
 In other words, if we don't hold that 84, we're going to go lower.
 And that's 700, right?
 725.
 Okay.
 In other words, I'm only interested in long if we hold these to, well, this region between value or a high and point of control.
 The fairest value, basically.
 If we reject there, I will only buy it if we claim it again.
 So in other words, I'm not going to buy anything below here.
 I'll buy it above, but not before.
 I do like how this is forming here high.
 I like that it's kind of weak now.
 It's this kind of like mechanical structure that should we reclaim that for our open right there.
 This can expand to the other side.
 If, okay, I'm not bearish or bullish.
 I'm kind of like a little bit more neutral and just going with Friday's profile.
 So as long as we're above that point of control, lean a little bit more bullish.
 As soon as we start to get below that point of control, I'm going to start to be like, okay, well, this is not.
 It's getting acceptance back below that value.
 In other words, if price managed to stay above here like this and stay, that's good.
 However, spending too much time down here, it's actually not that good, okay, for going into this week.
 So I hope that makes absolute sense.
 In terms of levels for the outside, I'm going to have to mark that value that I said earlier that I like, which is this one here.
 So this level is nice.
 And that's 88.
 800.
 And this is why I like to do it on this chart.
 It's just so much more cleaner.
 You've got the low of the RTH.
 So here we go.
 So you've got the low of this day.
 So this is an RTH low.
 Let me just extend. There you go. So a swing low.
 You don't have the midpoint and value area high here.
 So this becomes a good level.
 And that's coming in at 88, 600, I would say 650-ish around here.
 You know, if you go really there and on the side, it's 88, 700.
 So there you go.
 So that's kind of like, and it's the previous WikiQ as you can see there.
 So it's plenty going on in that little box there.
 So I like it.
 That's going to be my first target.
 Should we hold that VWAP or the pivot settlement point of control from Friday?
 That could be a really good target one if it holds above.
 So it has to hold above there.
 That could be a really nice target.
 And then obviously stop is whatever low we form here.
 That would be really nice trade.
 So let's go.
 Actually, I'll leave the pivots for now, but we can hide this now.
 And I'm going to leave that trend line there.
 I'm going to hide the gaps.
 This.
 And I'm going to put these three boxes inside the targets and hide them as well.
 There you go.
 I'm trying to clean this up so it looks a little bit better.
 Yep.
 That's it there.
 Okay.
 That's the only level really that I like.
 I'm going to go with 88 500.
 Like literally.
 And the reason why it's because it's just before we get to that big confluence box.
 Okay.
 We've got that massive box in there.
 So it's a region anyway.
 And then it tells me to.
 I mean, what else do we have here?
 There's just no swing high here.
 You can see there's no proper swing high.
 So really.
 Same level.
 There's just nothing.
 Absolute nothing.
 Where was that?
 I think it went up again.
 It was all the way down there, isn't it?
 Let me just take a look at this purely on structure.
 Yeah.
 There's nothing here like that stands out.
 93 poor high.
 That's the only level.
 Can you see?
 That's the only place where if price does have a little bounce here from that fair value from
 Friday, that would be the only place there to take this into.
 And that's sitting at that poor high that we marked from earlier.
 You know, the poor high down here in 93.
 Well, actually it's slightly higher.
 96.
 Yeah.
 93 900.
 It's all the way up here.
 So I'm going to hide the pivots so we don't get confused here.
 And yeah, I think I'm going to mark that should really claim.
 I'm going to be looking for that.
 If we reclaim, in other words, if we hold that at support, we're going to have the
 93 975, 93 960.
 It's actually coming in at 960 here.
 I'm going to put that 960.
 Yeah, 93 960.
 It's at poor high there.
 You can just put poor high.
 And then I'm going to take some questions now, poor high.
 Okay.
 Let's just go back to a one hour chart.
 There's nothing in here but below, so it has to go all the way.
 So that's 92.
 You can see how if this market starts to run, there's not really much resistance.
 Everything is just very tight.
 We have a single print there, 90.
 But that's about it, really.
 It's just looking to see 91.
 What do we have at 91?
 Well, nothing really.
 I mean, like this profile is so thin that there's nothing here.
 You can't really see any good levels, you know, when there's nothing in there.
 Apart from this wing low here at 91.
 So really, if we do get back above this range, this could run all the way through this kind
 of like color pocket.
 There's really not much in there.
 I think we can put the VRVP and see.
 There you go.
 There's really not much there until we get to this section.
 So yeah, I'm going to mark this just purely on volume and value.
 You can see right there.
 If I just do this, you can see that you have this little section and then obviously this
 inefficiency, which is the poor high.
 So poor high, T2, T3, and then T1.
 Yeah, honestly, you know, sometimes it takes a little bit to get to these levels.
 But yeah, so if this is the gap field, we're working with the gap now.
 So just keep your eye for the next, I would say, hour and a half, keep your eyes here,
 you know, to see if this, you know, fills the gap and just continues into the first box.
 Okay, second box, this is still good for the long trades back into this high,
 which is target number one, two, three.
 If, however, we flip this as in like to the downside here and we start building a little
 bit more value here around that value area low.
 I'm not interested in longs and I would like to see this.
 So we could potentially get actually this fair value.
 Remember from here to flip into resistance and then we take a short trade down to the lowest.
 So while above settlement, bullish, while below settlement, bearish.
 Very simple, okay, settlement will dictate today's price action.
 Above bullish, below bearish, simple, below targets there and we could look for the next
 targets, which is the yearly low and just go to Friday's plan.
 Friday's plan, we had two levels here.
 We had 77, which was actually value.
 Let me just, I'll just mark them just in case we do drop, you know, and continue the downtrend.
 I'll just my value.
 There you go.
 We bounce, let me just hide everything so that you know, targets, previous day, recap.
 Let's pop this box in here.
 Let's pop this box in here.
 What was this one?
 That was the low.
 Okay, fine.
 This was the actual single.
 Oops.
 Up there.
 Good.
 Okay.
 I'll organize this before I paste in Discord.
 There you go.
 So this is from Friday.
 Okay.
 I'm going to take this low.
 This is gone.
 So this is from this value down here.
 Okay.
 The higher time frame value all the way here.
 Okay.
 So you have value high, point of control, value low and the April low.
 Okay.
 Important for me.
 Okay.
 This range.
 So we held that value area high.
 So basically price said, no, don't want to go inside this value.
 So I don't want to do the rotation to value area low yet.
 Okay.
 Yet.
 So if we accept it, we'd be looking for the point of control once.
 And then obviously value area low twice or target.
 But it didn't do that.
 It said, no, thank you.
 Okay.
 We then came in and late in the session doing the classic sort of like balance, but trying
 to shift higher and then we break above and now we're doing a retest.
 Okay.
 So this becomes a support where we've just put the fair value for today, okay, where we
 have all of those boxes.
 So hold great, go higher, lose, not interested in any of this apart from the point of control,
 which is just it.
 Okay.
 So there you go.
 Actually slightly height.
 I hope you can understand that and see that and yet and they, those are the values.
 So obviously go down here and we're going to see that point of control, potentially that
 value area low and even a new low, but let's not worry about that just yet, but that is
 the P plan of today.
 So I'm just going to clean this very quickly.
 And then I'm happy for questions that I can delete this to 24.
 Oops.
 Yeah.
 Pop your questions in now while I just tidy this up, I'm going to take a sip of water
 and then we'll go through that.
 Okay.
 Good.
 Just a second.
 Pop your questions.
 Okay.
 Let's take a look at this together.
 Right.
 Do do do do do do.
 I'm going to have to zoom back a little bit.
 Okay.
 I get you.
 Are you?
 Good morning.
 I've been trying to get into the trading view templates, but I cannot work how to do it.
 Our trading assistant, he's got, he's got them all saved.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 Those, those candles are important.
 Right.
 I'm not sure how long you've been on BTC, for example, or if you're not.
 But let's say you've been on BTC for a very long time.
 Okay.
 You know, like every time we get a pullback like this.
 Okay.
 We then get a nice rebound, like a rebound, like a nice move back up.
 Okay.
 And so I've seen it every time, just like the stock market, we get a massive pullback.
 We get a, you know, a buyback in.
 So, you know, like if you're trying to fill some nice orders, you want to see sellers.
 Let me just pause this, distracting.
 You want to see sellers.
 So you can buy.
 Okay.
 That's all it is.
 Okay.
 Okay, now that's all thing, bear markets are moving.
 Hmm.
 Settlement is the close of last night's, well, the previous, let's say previous session.
 So it's the M period.
 Okay.
 So for all, all the markets at the M period, which is like 4 p.m.
 Eastern, you get this little close here.
 And then the market trades for another hour.
 And then it, and then it's the last.
 Okay.
 So that's the post market.
 All right.
 So that's the seven.
 It's when the actual stock, everything close.
 And then you got like the post market where traders can still trade, but yeah.
 The sediment is that M close.
 There you go.
 Yeah.
 Treat, treat is not so much a support and resistance.
 Okay.
 Treat is so much as think algorithmic.
 Okay.
 Think like if price is above the settlement, there's going to be a bunch of all goes from
 institutions from like flow traders that going to be like, okay, well, we're above the settlement.
 That means we're above yesterday's close.
 You know, we're bullish.
 If we go back below it, we're bearish.
 Think about as a barometer for, you know, are you bullish or bearish?
 Above bullish below bearish.
 That's it.
 But yeah, kind of like a support and resistance.
 Make sure you're not, make sure this, make sure you have a just 4 p.m.
 Okay.
 New York time.
 Yeah.
 Correct.
 I use tick 10 for now.
 But sometimes I go up to 25 just depending on what I'm looking for.
 Okay.
 The VWAP settings for the anchor VWAP is literally just.
 Oops.
 It's just this.
 We've got it on standard, one, one, one, one, two, and that's it.
 Okay.
 So nothing too fancy.
 On quantile, I've got a pet tick and it takes a hell of a long time to load a year's data.
 On the gap, would you have the feel at the Friday close rather than the Friday high?
 So just always look at this.
 So this is Thursday.
 Oops, let me just make sure I'm in the right place.
 Yeah.
 So this is Thursday.
 This is Friday.
 The gap close will be the Friday's high.
 Okay.
 That will be there.
 If the Friday high doesn't hold, then you look for the settlement.
 And the settlement is right there.
 Okay.
 Which sits at the point of control?
 Let's just unextend that point of control.
 You can see.
 So that's the settle there.
 That's the high.
 That's the settle.
 So it's a few ticks there.
 If you're trading above, you want to see the high being held.
 Just like, let's find an example to the downside where the gap.
 Probably going to take a wall to find one.
 So look.
 This one was okay.
 Let's take a look at this one.
 Didn't reach the settlement.
 Okay.
 Well, here's a good example of it.
 It did not reach the settlement.
 So you've got a gap.
 So you open.
 You've got a gap here.
 Can you see there's a gap?
 Okay.
 Let's put a box in here.
 So between that low and this high, there's your gap.
 So price has got a gap.
 So it's inefficient.
 So you look for A, the high, the low of that day.
 There.
 That 105, 750.
 Or B, the settlement.
 Okay.
 If you're going with the gap field, then a lot of traders will look for that M slightly below.
 But sometimes it doesn't reach there.
 And you can see that it didn't quite reach that level.
 So if you're waiting purely for that, you're going to miss that trade.
 And then this trade, a few ticks above it, actually we're open quite near it.
 So you're already working within the gap.
 So it's a very difficult trade, especially with that.
 And I remember this day because this was the day that, you know, had we built value above
 that A session high, we'd be looking for much, much higher.
 Because this is that day that we were hovering around that Anchiview app mean.
 But it didn't do that.
 That M session.
 But it was right at the end.
 So this is very late in the session where we came back up to try and close it above.
 And it didn't.
 And then the overnight broke the range with the gap and then it got filled.
 And then obviously it was this big day, the big drop.
 Okay.
 You can see here.
 And then this one as well.
 So just getting that extension from this level.
 But yeah, you can see that sometimes if you wait for those gaps to be filled inside the 30 minute,
 it doesn't quite come to fruition.
 I've seen many examples of this.
 Just go through your chart and do it.
 And there's another example.
 Oh, there you go.
 Here's a beautiful example.
 So you have this gap here.
 So this is a gap as well.
 An RTH gap there.
 So thank you properly.
 It comes up.
 It doesn't get filled.
 Look.
 It leaves it open.
 But then look later.
 We come exactly straight to it.
 Okay.
 Not to the settlement.
 The settlement's all the way at the height.
 Okay.
 All the way there.
 So don't expect that to get filled.
 You know, it would come straight into it.
 Look, it's right there.
 And we reject.
 That's when we reject.
 No value above.
 Look, you know, it gets like nearly 200, 150, 50, like three thirds and then back to zero pretty much.
 And so these lows, like I was saying earlier, there, if you're trading below, that's resistance.
 If you're trading above, that's support.
 That's why I say keep an eye between these two highs now.
 Because that's where price is currently sitting at.
 Okay.
 It's just very easy for me to see it.
 But a good question.
 Ah.
 On your trading view.
 On hollow candles.
 Just delete everything.
 Okay.
 So get rid of this.
 Get rid of this.
 Get rid of that.
 And then here, save them as favorites.
 See, they're now favorites there.
 So when you, when you want to just look at value, okay, nothing else but just value, you can say to yourself, okay, I want to see value.
 Where is value?
 But this sometimes gets in the way.
 It's a bit too busy.
 So just go boom.
 Okay, gone.
 I know you can do it by just right clicking here and hiding it or clicking on that.
 But you have to click two more things.
 So, you know, if you just have it here, I mean, look, it's so quick.
 That's, you know, it's kind of walk around on that.
 Oh, there you go.
 Perfect.
 37k is the 15k average weight.
 Okay.
 Can you show us what you mean by the pattern you have seen over and over again?
 Oh, it's, it's this.
 This is the pattern that you have seen, not just me, but you, you know, this is price.
 Here, okay.
 And this is, sorry, this is like the mean, like the mean.
 And this is price going above it.
 And then this is price coming back to it.
 This is price going below it back to it, you know, like, think about a channel, for example,
 like this is a downtrend ego like this, okay, and this is the mean.
 So price likes to go back to that midpoint.
 Okay.
 If it's going up, you know, midpoint, it's like a channel, right?
 Go up, go here.
 And then can break, hold, and then, you know, you know what I mean?
 It's the mean.
 Okay.
 It's price not just trading like this.
 It's for a line.
 It's price going higher and back inside.
 Like, obviously, this is a very high time frame.
 You want to see, you know, price doesn't look here.
 For example, you've got a channel here.
 I don't have a channel, but you can see like coming down right that, like that.
 Plus doesn't just go boom, throw up, price comes down, goes up, comes down, goes up, comes
 down, goes up, comes down, goes up, comes down, goes up, comes down, goes up a little bit,
 comes down, and then comes up there, and then goes down, and then goes back up again, and
 then drops.
 So price doesn't just do this.
 So when you zoom out, price is now doing that.
 So, okay, well, let's go to the higher load.
 And then here it's like, okay, what happens when we get there?
 Do we reject?
 Fine.
 Close your trade.
 Click down here.
 Close your trade and let this drop.
 Okay.
 Or have a stop loss.
 A lot of people get trapped into thinking that the mark is going to drop.
 It can.
 Absolutely can.
 That would be too bearish, 40k, I would say if anything, if anything, 70k.
 So between 80, call it 85, okay, between 85 and 80, you have like a 5k, $5,000 average.
 Okay.
 Here.
 So think about a box of a region.
 So, you know, 85 to 80, okay, if you, if you miss this, if this breaks, then you're going
 to have to look for the next bracket of 10k, and that's going to bring us trade into this
 major sort of like, actually, why don't we do a box, it's going to be right here, it's
 going to come into there.
 So we're kind of like already very close to it.
 It can drop into there, okay, it can, you know, go into there, but that's the next support.
 So we're at the first one now.
 So you know, can't get bearish done here, you know, it's more likely price now does
 little rebound than just goes through, and if it goes through, that's also fine.
 You just have to be prepared for that.
 But I hope this makes sense, okay, it's nice to look at this chart just unbiased.
 Got a couple of examples here where, you know, price has a massive, you know, look at this,
 a massive downtrend, okay, retest that previous support, okay, and then boom, massive rip,
 and then again, it comes all the way like down, and it holds that previous support and
 then boom, expansion again.
 So it's like, you know, you have to look left and say, okay, where are we?
 And then, you know, here, you can see this very up sloping, kind of like channel here,
 price comes back down to it, and obviously this is the line because when you put the candle,
 you can see it goes through, okay, so let's not joke here, and then it goes through, and
 then you've got like little tiny nodes of support, there's a little node here, so extend
 that, that's 50, too low, and then you've got this massive, I mean, look how big this
 is, this is massive, we spent here like eight months was it, so six months from Feb 23,
 March, April, May, June, July, we spent the majority of a year here, and then boom, massive
 fireworks, and then we spent here another few months, boom, I mean, what's this, so from
 Thursday, March, April, yeah, a couple of months there, and then we boom, ripped to the
 upside, and this is the first time we're coming into some logical support, that's the only
 time, I mean, you know, you tell me, is this not a good place?
 If it breaks, fine, but for the next one, that's a big one.
 If this breaks, you know, we still have below, I don't really want to look at this all the
 way down here, that would be a little bit more bearish to be honest, but it can do, it can
 go down there, nothing wrong with that, but yeah, there you go, you know, even if you do
 this, let's do another one, try and capture those two highs up there, there we go, kind
 of still, just looking below, so you literally at the max deviation there, so that's what
 I'm trying to say here, okay, don't get too bearish at the look, can it break?
 Sure, but more often not, you get a little rebound, back up, you can actually look left
 here, get a little move back up, that's 92, confluence with that 93 inefficiency, and
 then potentially break, and then you could potentially look for this, but we don't have
 that yet, or you could look for the range high there, so you've got two zones, range
 high, there, range low here, okay, just always look left, you're very welcome, yeah, yeah,
 absolutely stevils, we can see if it doesn't hold, and we can see that below 84, we can
 see a new low, yes, I'm so sure I have with my learning, thanks for being a good coach
 in a chat in the morning before this stream, I said we hold 85, good chance to be again,
 yes, perfect, that's good, I'm glad you guys are picking some nuances here, can you check,
 can you take a look at Eef now, I'm not gonna, I'm tired, I'm actually tired, I didn't have
 the best in that sleep, Igor is so mentally decoupled from his spot backs, it's inspirational
 crypto case, so decoupled from, it's low, honestly at the end of the day, it's, you know, you have
 to see it as, you know, it is what it is, if you're an investor, I mean look, let's take
 a look at the, let me just show you something very quickly, I mean look at this ETF, let's
 go ETF, let's go arc, let's go back to candles, I mean look how much back this has come, we've
 made a high around $41, $42, obviously this had the split, we were trading much higher
 than that, and we've come down, look at this, we've come down to, the support, actually let's
 put it, what if it's range here, oops, that's probably not the right one, let's go abroad,
 there you go, we're at the value low, point of control, you know, we're at that support,
 like when you do a normal, normal Fibonacci, let's go from the low to the high, let's go
 with the standard default, you know, you're at the 70, you can't be looking for shorts
 on here, well you can, you know, I'm not saying you can't, you can, but your rest of it is
 really poor, like honestly, like when you think about it, where's your stop, like, let's say
 okay I'm a bear, I want to take this trade down to, let's go, someone said 40,000, I want
 to take this down to 40,000 which will be around $24 here, alright fine, take the trade, that's
 really good, 20% or 30%, where's your stop, scratch head, well, let's think about this,
 if you're short here, actually trading below still, so if you're short there, your stop
 is, well, it's most likely that we can get a little short, little squeeze here maybe,
 a little bounce, I don't know, maybe up there, okay, well I'm going to risk 25% to try potentially
 get, I mean, let's be real, that will probably hold, so let's, let's just adjust this a little
 bit, okay, so that's your risk, and that's your reward, sure, you take that trade and I will
 not take it and then let's see, you know, how you feel if you get stopped out with a 25% loss,
 can it drop, yeah, how, how likely this is, well, the odds are very low, why, because we've been
 running down for the past, I mean, this is October, since October all the way down, there you go,
 so, you know, just room, room, room, room, but, you know, where are we in relation to a yearly
 open, well, we're kind of like, literally, like, same price, so, you know, from where we open, so,
 well, actually below now, yeah, below, we're below the yearly open, so, you know, it's more
 likely price will come and retest that yearly open and then reject, okay, well, give me that,
 as a short trade, perfect, then I'll take the shorts, not down here, you can not, and I hope,
 like, these just two minutes, spending two minutes here with this, I hope that kind of, like, shows
 you, well, I understand what Igor is saying here, like, don't, don't short the lows, we don't
 want to short lows, you know, even if it drops, you know, that's going to be one in 10, okay, well,
 it dropped, well, nine, yeah, one, one in nine times, well, it dropped this time, great, okay, but
 nine out of 10, it will just bounce, you know, you can see, like, you've got the low, it comes down,
 boom, has a little bounce, and then boom, comes back through it, this is basically what I'm saying,
 wait for that, wait for that, and then short, and then boom, take the low into that big note,
 not down here, okay, not down here, and look, if you were back trading this a long, long, long,
 long, long time ago, we've seen BTC put in, like, a 10k candle, okay, like, those were the days,
 that was incredible, like, where we saw that highly volatility just coming in and just really
 going for it, and, you know, we've seen these magnificent candles on the way apps, like, where
 it makes gaps, gaps, gaps, gaps, and all it takes is a little, a little shift on this market, let's just
 get rid of all of this stuff, all it, I deleted something, I should, and I think I have, let's put
 this back, there we go, it's back, all it takes is the market to start getting back inside or back
 in sync to the upside, and it's BTC, like, this is an asset that is very speculative,
 look at the S&P 500, look at the ETFs, look at everything, everything is risk off at the moment,
 once those assets starts to go back to risk on, this will just go back inside, and I'm not saying
 this to get you guys all to buy Bitcoin, no, I'm just saying that, you know, you know, going with
 the questions, that's what usually happens, you know, the market gets too, too bearish,
 and then it brings in new sellers, that kind of like support, and then there's a massive squeeze,
 and they're like, you know, I got stopped out, what the hell happened? Well, you're short at the lows,
 what was your risk to reward, what you're thinking, like, from the low, and just always use the dot
 255 tool, that's the low, that's the high, and just kind of like thing, okay, where are we within
 the range, where below, where we usually have, this is one, this is one R, and this is one, two,
 three, so you gotta be crazy to be shorting up here, so no, I am not shorting, I'm happy,
 I'm not buying futures, but I'm happy to, you know, buy some sort of spot BDC and just, I mean,
 come on, look at this, I mean, this thing has been going on forever, so even if it goes down to,
 you know, this point here, you know, this is still a massive uptrend, that we can't say, okay, well,
 you know, where's your average, I mean, this is what it does, it doesn't really matter, there's an
 update on content, I mean, it doesn't really matter, I mean, actually, we could, I mean, you guys are
 probably more better than channels, I don't really look at channels, but I'm just kind of like,
 showing the importance, I should just use the tool, maybe even go to log, log, log admit, or whatever,
 but, you know, we kind of like, just keeping this simple as is, I mean, while we're above this,
 you know, BDC is a bullish asset, you know, this is just a baby, you know, we've only just,
 you know, started going, yeah, bring, you know, take this all the way back down to 70k and it's
 still bullish, I mean, we've got half of this, all of, all of, this is a wall, you know, yes,
 trade below this, absolutely, I'll be the first one to know, oh, this is looking a little bit
 topic, we're going to go and fill the 3k gap, well, actually, because there's a gap down here,
 you know, but while we're above all of that, then, you know, just still, you know, we're still
 making an all-time high from here, so, you know, talk, talking investing, so I'm not going to be
 shorting the, no, anyway, rant is over, I'm just going to take a look at the last couple of comments
 and then I'm going to call it, but yeah, in the meantime, let's go back to BDC here, and there you
 go, there's our targets, there's our boxes, actually, just this, all you need is just this here, so,
 mentally, okay, yes, Solana actually hit that beautiful level, we had this on Solana where,
 Solana, yeah, there you go, so, this is where we are with Solana, so, this is what I kind of like
 draw on Solana, and you can see our alerts were triggering as we're coming down, I was like, no,
 give us that, 1, 2, what's that, 1, 2, 9, no, sorry, 1, 2, 6, yeah, there you go, the low,
 into the, untested, but then, obviously, this is the arrival, you know, that is the arrival candle,
 right here, this one, that's the arrival candle, now, what follows is the most important thing,
 so we've got one, it's the level being hit, which is that arrival candle, now, we want to see this
 candle make a low, but whole at least this, because it can still go through, and then the next
 candle is the buy candle, okay, so, when you're investing in this, will be an investment, okay,
 I'm not gonna buy this, and just, you know, let go of this, because this could actually,
 you know, really run back up to the range highs, if we can hold this floor of support, just like
 BTC is doing now, coming down to 60k, for example, if it does, you know, this is that kind of like
 floor that we want to see it hold, okay, we don't want to see it below this, below this, and it's
 like, okay, game over, it's like BTC coming to fill the gap by 3k, don't want to see that,
 and however, if we hold this and start to trickle along, then you can say, okay, I wasn't the cowboy,
 I was not the cowboy for the twitter, instagram, post, whatever, that bore, you know, 123 exactly,
 who cares, who, if you bought this at 100, I don't, I couldn't care less, however, I did buy
 150, you know, the reclaimer 150, and my stop is at 116, who cares, because then, I say to you,
 oh well, I'm in this trade, and this can go, I'm not gonna worry about it, but you know, if you do
 want to buy 122, or 125 or whatever, and then this thing goes down to, you know, 53, well, you know,
 you are not in a good spot, and I will buy later, but I will be in a good spot because I'll be buying
 in with strength, especially if the volume picks back up, and you can see that nice accumulation,
 and then we can go, so instead of like potentially risking, let's say 50%, I will be then risking
 a little bit less down here, maybe even 10%, or, you know, 5% of my investment, depending on what
 entry I get, but then I've got all of this to work with, and I will have volume backing that by side,
 currently sell side, and then hopefully when this changes, we can then go with that momentum to the
 outside, okay, but yeah, we are there, now it's just a matter of like going down to the daily,
 and starting to track this, so for now, one time framing down, one time framing down,
 set the letter above, right there, 125, 135,
 so just monitor that high, this one, bullish, below this one, bearish, above it, still thinking,
 above here, bullish, what's in there, we also have the point of control, literally right there,
 look at that, beautiful, that is our point of control, okay, nothing too fancy, but how beautiful
 is this, value very low, into the box, that's our level, literally this is our level here, in fact
 you can see that it's actually a little bit lower there, there you go, it's our key level, let's go
 up a little bit, there, and this one is what can go, oh that's price, so 125, okay, looking at,
 I love this, right, looking at, yeah, forever, that is the best tool period, like there's nothing
 else remotely comes close to it, that is, there's no Fibonacci, there's no levels that come closely
 remotely close to the .25 Fib tool, and the reason for that is just algorithmic trading and risk to
 reward, that's it, so you've got the two most powerful concepts period ever, so you've got algorithms,
 which will be looking at ranges between the high and the low, looking at the 50%, 25% and 75%,
 okay, and then standard deviations above and below, that's how pivots are formed,
 that's pretty much every indicator we'll be looking at that, okay, and then you also have the other
 side which is, you know, you don't need the RSI or the MACD to tell you that if you're trading down
 here, okay, and you've been trading from, you know, this, you retest the 50% and come back here,
 you don't need any indicators of a sort to tell you that the indicator down here will be oversold
 because you're at the oversold between the high and the low, inversely, up here, you don't need
 RSI to tell you that you are extended if you're trading between this and that, the RSI will
 very likely be out of there between that range, so you can just kind of like clean your charts and
 just have price there and it's tall and that's it, simple. Anyway, I'm going to love you and leave
 you, I'm going to be in the chat all day, just really looking at this nice beautiful range that
 we have here, you can see that we've come down to that gap, feel and place is slowing down,
 okay, so let's see what happens here over the next couple of hours and go from there,
 and that is it, you are very welcome, have a good day and any questions, see you in a chance,
 and don't forget, next week we are in Porto. Hooray, feels like we've been talking about this
 forever, it's finally here, next week we'll be there, obviously there's going to be less activity
 from arts coaches and the team in the squad, but we'll still be around, you know, the person you've
 got the old thing, but you know, we're going to focus more on the members that are coming to see us,
 and lots going on behind the scenes, the team has been working really hard and super proud of
 everybody, and yeah, I can't wait to see some of you members in Porto, we're going to have fun,
 it's going to be one of those events that it's unforgettable, so yeah, see you all there for those
 coming, and if not, we're here still this week, so see you in the chat, thank you and goodbye.
 [Music]
