 Hello and welcome to this Entering Trades module. Today we're going to be covering Confluence.
 Please pause this video and take a moment to read this trade disclaimer as the information
 contained in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes.
 In this module we will cover the utility and importance of confluence, how to correctly
 implement it and then go over some examples and tips and tricks on how to best use it.
 Finding confluence is key to increasing probabilities and providing you with an edge in trading.
 Confluence is useful for scalp, intraday and swing trades. It is important to build a bullish
 and a bearish case and determine the strongest confluence.
 In order to find the strongest confluence possible, we recommend that you start your
 technical analysis from the high timeframes and move down to the lower timeframes as the
 higher timeframes provide stronger confluence. You should then use different technical analysis
 tools together to see if they intersect or coincide at the same level or area.
 Market Structure and Market Context should support the hypotheses.
 Now let's have a look at a practical example. Here we have a freshly created monthly level
 on the Bitcoin chart. We can then zoom in and begin to add additional confluences.
 We have now swapped to the daily timeframe and we can already observe interesting market
 structure. If we add a Fibonacci retracement from the high to the low, we can see that
 the 0.66 level lines up perfectly with this monthly level as resistance.
 Additionally, we can add a fixed range pool, including the entire data from the moment
 that we reach this level here in February, all the way up to here in April, comprising
 over two months of data. As you can observe, the point of control is also perfectly lining
 up with this level. These are very strong confluences on the higher timeframe, giving
 us a good edge and probabilities for a possible short position.
 In addition to these confluences, we have to pay attention to market structure. We have
 a very strong and bullish uptrend, making higher highs and higher lows. However, here
 we have a possible lower low and this has the potential of becoming a lower high. If
 that's the case, price could reject from this strong resistance area and move down
 to continue making lower lows and lower highs and reverse the trend.
 Let's see what actually happened next. As we can observe, price action struggled for
 several days around this resistance area, but was not able to claim it successfully,
 ultimately leading to the formation of a lower high and a strong retracement to the downside.
 Let's have a look at another practical example. Here we have the Bitcoin chart on the monthly
 timeframe. We are going to draw the monthly level here as it represents a strong area
 of interest with multiple resistance and support touches.
 Now we have zoomed in to the daily timeframe and we can see that our monthly level is very
 well respected in great detail. Now we are back testing it possibly as resistance once
 again. If we add a Fibonacci retracement by pulling from this high to this pivot low,
 we can see that the 786 is very close to this area of support and resistance. We can also
 add a fixed range pool that comprises the volume for nearly 15 months. We can see that
 the point of control is lining up exactly with this area as well, providing a very strong
 confluence. Now we are going to add additional confluence by drawing a harmonic pattern.
 In this case, a bearish Gartley pattern. These patterns are powerful sequences of Fibonacci
 retracement that can add very nice confluence to possible trade setups. Now we have a high
 probability that price will reject from this area providing us with a very nice possible
 short entry with a very simple invalidation. Now let's observe what actually happened next.
 As we can see, price action ended up rejecting from this strong area of resistance with high
 confluence and provided a high probability short trade that played out with follow through
 all the way down to the lows of this macro range. Now let's go over some tips and tricks.
 In high time frame analysis, strong confluence with several technical analysis tools provides
 higher probabilities for trade setups. In low time frame analysis, such as needed for scalping
 and day trading, less technical analysis tools are recommended and it is also important to
 use order flow and volume information. High time frame confluence is stronger and provides
 better probabilities than low time frame confluence. Here is the take home message for this module.
 You can greatly increase your probabilities in trading by establishing strong confluence
 with several technical analysis tools. High time frame confluence is stronger than low
 time frame confluence. Market structure and context are an integral part of the analysis
 and they should support your hypothesis. This concludes today's module. Thank you for
 watching and I'll see you on the next one. Happy learning and happy trading!
