 Hello and welcome to this entering trades module. Today we're gonna be
 covering compounding, averaging down and latering. Please pause this video and
 take a moment to read this trade disclaimer. As the information contained
 in this video is not financial advice and is only for educational purposes. In
 this module we will cover the utility of these three advanced trading techniques,
 how to correctly implement them and then go over some tips and tricks on how to
 best use them. Now let's cover the utility of these trading techniques. When
 compounding a trade it is possible to maximize returns by entering a trade
 within a trade. When averaging down a position it is possible to navigate out
 of a losing position that still has technical merit or validity. Finally when
 latering into and out of trades it is possible to spread out entries and take
 profits at different target levels. To correctly implement the compounding
 technique we recommend that you follow these three steps. In step one you enter
 a trade setup as you normally would, meeting your strict criteria for
 confluence and market contacts. Once this trade develops in your favor you can
 proceed to step two where perhaps another same direction opportunity
 presents itself. In step three the new opportunity is implemented by adding to
 the original position in step one. The prerequisite for this is that this new
 opportunity should have the merits of a trade with a good risk reward ratio on
 its own. Let's have a look at a practical example. Let us assume that we have been
 taking long positions at the bottom of this range and short positions at the
 top of this range. Once price approaches this area again here we enter another
 long trade. This time the move upwards is very swift and very favorable. Then comes
 an initial retracement that finds support at this area. If we determine that this
 area has strong confluence for a possible bounce and we could enter a
 completely new position on its own merit from this area then it is possible to
 simply add to the original position from here and enter an additional long
 within the initial trade. Price continues to move up and finally retraces again to
 yet another strong level of support. Here we have yet another opportunity to
 compound our long trade from down here after we already increased the position
 size here. Now we have a third chance to compound the trade within very strict
 risk management and following the rules as if this were a new trade on its own.
 If this is the case it is then possible to simply add to the original position
 and as the move continues now have a long position based on three different
 trade entries. In this case we have two additional trades within the original
 long position. To implement the averaging down technique you are in essence
 attempting to save a losing position that still has a chance from a technical
 perspective. The ultimate goal is to close the trade at break even and then
 reevaluate the situation. This technique requires advanced trading
 execution, very good risk management, strict rules and emotional stability. We
 recommend that you use this technique only in exceptional cases and we do not
 recommend it for newer traders. Now let's have a look at a practical example of
 the averaging down technique. Let's assume that we have entered a long
 position here. Our initial thought process was that this was a good level of
 support and upon reaching it again it is worth a long position. However price
 drops lower and our long position turns into a losing position. If we still have
 conviction that there is a good technical reason for a possible bounce
 from this lower area it is possible to average down the position by entering
 an additional long trade down here and then as price bounces from there closing
 the overall trade at break even. Generally the average entry price will be
 between the two original entry prices. However it is also possible to enter a
 larger position down here to move the average price lower and allow for a
 quicker exit from the trade at break even. We recommend that only advanced
 traders use this technique in rare occasions as it can lead to much larger
 losses than initially expected. For newer traders we recommend simply using
 stop losses and closing the initial trade as soon as it is invalidated. Now
 let's go over the implementation of the laddering technique. This technique is an
 excellent one to gradually enter an exit positions. With careful planning it is
 possible to spread out entries over a range or area of interest. Laddering out
 of the position with different take profit targets at different levels or
 areas is also recommended. Now let's have a look at a practical example of
 laddering into and out of a position. In this case we have established that we
 have a strong confluence around this monthly level and CC retracement. We
 then decide that we would like to short this resistance area. Instead of just
 entering one order at the exact confluence level we can spread out our
 entries over this area. This is shown in the CCW template where we have four
 different possible entry levels and we can take our planned position and
 divide it into four smaller positions. In this case three of the positions are
 filled and the last one does not get filled. However it is possible to add
 the remaining part of the position later on with strength. This would
 comprise the laddering part into the trade. To then also exit the trade. With
 the laddering technique we simply choose different price target levels as our
 take profit areas. In this example we can see that all of these four price
 target levels are hit offering us a very nice possibility to gradually enter
 into the trade and also to gradually exit the trade as it develops in our
 favor. Now let's go over some tips and tricks. These three trading techniques are
 advanced and they might not suit your style of trading. Laddering in and out
 of positions is the safest of the three techniques and it offers flexibility.
 Compounding and averaging down are techniques that are not recommended for
 beginners. Here is the take-home message for this module. Compounding a position
 allows for a trade within a trade and it can help maximize results.
 Averaging down is useful to navigate out of losing positions in rare occasions.
 Laddering provides flexible entering into and exiting out of positions. This
 concludes today's module. Thank you for watching and I'll see you on the next
 one. Happy learning and happy trading!
